It is and does exactly what the description said it would be and would do. Couldn't be happier with it.
I was sketchy at first about these but once you wear them for a couple hours they break in they fit good on my board an have little wear from skating in them. They are a little heavy but won't get eaten up as bad by your grip tape like poser dc shoes.
Solid, stable mount. Holds iPhone with phone protector well. I have not however used the dash mount part of this product (only windshield).
I bought this pepper because I wanted a lot of cayenne powder I mean a lot. I drink shots of this powder daily and I do like it but I'm not sure if it's just me but it does not seem to strong I sweat for a minute but I feel like it could be stronger I even touched my eyes to see if it would hurt still not feeling much pain. Im one in 7 billion so do forget my review since I'm more hardcore.
Beautiful photos/film with wonderful music.  Giriodi lets you know where you are with on screen notes.  It helps to keep your heart in Colorado when you can't be there.
My idea of Colorado is &#34;Mountains&#34;.  Colorado Landscapes seemed to focus on the flatlands and foothills.  It gave you no idea where you were  - it could have used a narrator or notes on-screen.
No matter what we did the bills just kept jamming in the machine. The bill counts were not consistent. We returned the product because it did not work correctly.
i do not suggest buying this product i thought it seemed nice and everything but it did not work when i removed it from the packaging. for this reason i do not trust the shipping methods that the seller uses.
It is not a sticker, it is a Chritsmas story  by itself, full of details, and cover a big  space
The condition of the book was exactly as described. There were minimal if any damages, and certainly nothing that would hinder the use of the book.
Only negative. Thing I can say is when my fish swim near the sides of the tank at the top they aren't illuminated by the light from the center. The blue night light is beautiful. The led light gives a healthy glow during the day, and overall the Hood looks and works great
This book caught my eye, and when I read the sample, I was hooked. The final hook was one other reviewer explaining the unemotional aspect of the book's dramatic swings, because of the method of writing employed. (I have often been accused of being unemotional, or anti-sentimental... which is not true. People show these depths of feeling in many different ways--not all of us are weepers, people...) And The Call delivered. The emotion is there, and it's pretty raw at times, but it's emoted in unexpected ways. The characters cracked me up, felt very real, and the story was believable and at times serious, then light, then laugh-out-loud funny. I really enjoyed the writing style, and although it did take a few pages of adjustment, I was very glad I stuck with it. In the same way that Cormac MacCarthy's writing is at first difficult to take in, this was a little bit tough to &#34;get&#34; until I'd gotten through several pages. I have already recommended this to several people. Made me want to try writing again. : )
I was already of this author's opinion, and everything he said just cemented my position. He presents his history, how he came to be in the position he's in, how his life experiences (especially outside of America) have molded his expectations and understanding of value and wealth, and he makes a great case with real examples of how simplification is the best way. You'll be changed permanently by how many of your problems are &#34;first-world&#34; type, nothing more. Well worth the read--our culture could benefit greatly by more exposure to, and influence by, this book.
most boys would eat this up. it has all the requisite characteristics of a movie for young boys. it was funny, it had some good fights, some out-smarting some bad guys, and explosions to boot. I didn't watch the whole thing with him, but picked up on some good lessons about being yourself and being true to friends. not a morality lesson, but hey--better than lots of garbage out there. he really enjoyed it and went back to see some parts again/show me. he would have watched it again immediately if I hadn't kiboshed the idea...-mom
Love this grill and the fact that the plates are removable to put in the dishwasher.  Bun warmer doesn't grill the buns but just warms them up but I didn't buy the unit for that anyways.  It's also twice as big as my last George Foreman grill so I am a happy grilled!!!
I buy these for my om every year at Christmas and she loves them.  She wouldn't own any other brand.  I was skeptical when she first asked for them but they are high quality and durable.  She wears them every day.  Also, Amazon prices are better than anywhere on the web - haven't found them cheaper.
I don't ever read but this book changed me I love love this book I hated when I got to the last book I didn't want it to be over
This book wasn't as good as 50 Shades oh Grey but it was a very good book I would tell someone to get this book
The author has been there and done that when it comes to what he suggests. He was an Air Force SERE ( Survival Evasion Resistance Escape ) instructor for 30 years. His approach to the subject of survival is practical in that he does NOT approach the topic with primitive tool making or cutting trees down to make a shelter. His approach is quick, practical and effective. I highly recommend this book!
I have purchased this product several times and have gotten the same poor results, the adhesive sucks.  I have used it to hang many small objects, such as a tv remote, a small alarm clock or even to hide wires unde a cabinet.  The adhesive just does not stick well to anything, except itself.  I have no complaints about the hook and loop side, but it is certainly not anything that should be called &#34; industrial strength&#34; if the adhesive cant even hold up a tv remote,  3M please fix this problem, I know you have better permanent adhesive that can withstand a warm surface, but this product adhesive is a big FAIL!
Because I have not gotten the book yet, I may change my mind when I get it. I will let you know.
This was a great book, easy read, laugh out loud funny. Cant wait to read Sugar Ticket. Highly recommend this book. Looking forward to reading all the other books by Susan Ricci.
This Hammermill 106125 - Color Copy Paper, 100 Brightness, 28lb, 12 x 18, Photo...paper works great. does not curl like other brands.
the hooks were not chipped shipping was really fast nothing was broken all hooks were in package as described with all the sizes A+++++ thank you
My son loves these gloves! They're the only ones he hasn't lost this winter! Will be ordering them again next winter.
Product is not long enough to secure to headrests in my 2013 dodge ram. Product seems like it is meant for small vehicles.
I just received a set of Japanese Hiragana and Katakana flash cards by Glen McCabe as recently revised by Professor Emiko Konomi.  I am really impressed, both by the low price and by the overall quality and value of the set.  The real usefulness of a set like this is in the way it can facilitate the speed and accuracy of character recognition.  I'm looking forward to using it this way.  The cards are plastic coated, so they won't get \
The case feels a bit cheap but overall it's a nice case. A but hard to use when a call comes in but if you usually use headsets it won't be a problem.
A great little bit. I was having trouble finding a bit in this size and was glad to have found it. Not disappointed in the performance. Holds up well to heven harder woods.
I'm sorry but this movie was horrible. i can't believe i actually sat through the whole thing. The acting was bad, the plot sucked, and nobody actually knew how to play the guitar. I'll give it this, some of the humor was good, but that was the only good point. The music may be considered good by some but to me the songs grated on my nerves and all the background music was cheap and overused. This might be acceptable for kids, but it certainly is not for me. Oh, and cinderella is saddened by this lack of respect to her name.