It is and does exactly what the description said it would be and would do. Couldn't be happier with it .
I was sketchy at first about these but once you wear them for a couple hours they break in they fit good on my board an have little wear from skating in them. They are a little heavy but won't get eaten up as bad by your grip tape like poser dc shoes .
Solid, stable mount. Holds iPhone with phone protector well. I have not however used the dash mount part of this product (only windshield .
I bought this pepper because I wanted a lot of cayenne powder I mean a lot. I drink shots of this powder daily and I do like it but I'm not sure if it's just me but it does not seem to strong I sweat for a minute but I feel like it could be stronger I even touched my eyes to see if it would hurt still not feeling much pain. Im one in 7 billion so do forget my review since I'm more hardcore .
Beautiful photos/film with wonderful music.  Giriodi lets you know where you are with on screen notes.  It helps to keep your heart in Colorado when you can't be there .
My idea of Colorado is &#34;Mountains&#34;.  Colorado Landscapes seemed to focus on the flatlands and foothills.  It gave you no idea where you were  - it could have used a narrator or notes on-screen .
No matter what we did the bills just kept jamming in the machine. The bill counts were not consistent. We returned the product because it did not work correctly .
i do not suggest buying this product i thought it seemed nice and everything but it did not work when i removed it from the packaging. for this reason i do not trust the shipping methods that the seller uses .
It is not a sticker, it is a Chritsmas story  by itself, full of details, and cover a big  space .
The condition of the book was exactly as described. There were minimal if any damages, and certainly nothing that would hinder the use of the book .
Only negative. Thing I can say is when my fish swim near the sides of the tank at the top they aren't illuminated by the light from the center. The blue night light is beautiful. The led light gives a healthy glow during the day, and overall the Hood looks and works great .
This book caught my eye, and when I read the sample, I was hooked. The final hook was one other reviewer explaining the unemotional aspect of the book's dramatic swings, because of the method of writing employed. (I have often been accused of being unemotional, or anti-sentimental... which is not true. People show these depths of feeling in many different ways--not all of us are weepers, people...) And The Call delivered. The emotion is there, and it's pretty raw at times, but it's emoted in unexpected ways. The characters cracked me up, felt very real, and the story was believable and at times serious, then light, then laugh-out-loud funny. I really enjoyed the writing style, and although it did take a few pages of adjustment, I was very glad I stuck with it. In the same way that Cormac MacCarthy's writing is at first difficult to take in, this was a little bit tough to &#34;get&#34; until I'd gotten through several pages. I have already recommended this to several people. Made me want to try writing again .
I was already of this author's opinion, and everything he said just cemented my position. He presents his history, how he came to be in the position he's in, how his life experiences (especially outside of America) have molded his expectations and understanding of value and wealth, and he makes a great case with real examples of how simplification is the best way. You'll be changed permanently by how many of your problems are &#34;first-world&#34; type, nothing more. Well worth the read--our culture could benefit greatly by more exposure to, and influence by, this book .
most boys would eat this up. it has all the requisite characteristics of a movie for young boys. it was funny, it had some good fights, some out-smarting some bad guys, and explosions to boot. I didn't watch the whole thing with him, but picked up on some good lessons about being yourself and being true to friends. not a morality lesson, but hey--better than lots of garbage out there. he really enjoyed it and went back to see some parts again/show me. he would have watched it again immediately if I hadn't kiboshed the idea...-mom .
Love this grill and the fact that the plates are removable to put in the dishwasher.  Bun warmer doesn't grill the buns but just warms them up but I didn't buy the unit for that anyways.  It's also twice as big as my last George Foreman grill so I am a happy grilled .
I buy these for my om every year at Christmas and she loves them.  She wouldn't own any other brand.  I was skeptical when she first asked for them but they are high quality and durable.  She wears them every day.  Also, Amazon prices are better than anywhere on the web - haven't found them cheaper .
I don't ever read but this book changed me I love love this book I hated when I got to the last book I didn't want it to be over .
This book wasn't as good as 50 Shades oh Grey but it was a very good book I would tell someone to get this book .
The author has been there and done that when it comes to what he suggests. He was an Air Force SERE ( Survival Evasion Resistance Escape ) instructor for 30 years. His approach to the subject of survival is practical in that he does NOT approach the topic with primitive tool making or cutting trees down to make a shelter. His approach is quick, practical and effective. I highly recommend this book .
I have purchased this product several times and have gotten the same poor results, the adhesive sucks.  I have used it to hang many small objects, such as a tv remote, a small alarm clock or even to hide wires unde a cabinet.  The adhesive just does not stick well to anything, except itself.  I have no complaints about the hook and loop side, but it is certainly not anything that should be called &#34; industrial strength&#34; if the adhesive can't even hold up a tv remote,  3M please fix this problem, I know you have better permanent adhesive that can withstand a warm surface, but this product adhesive is a big FAIL .
Because I have not gotten the book yet, I may change my mind when I get it. I will let you know .
This was a great book, easy read, laugh out loud funny. Can't wait to read Sugar Ticket. Highly recommend this book. Looking forward to reading all the other books by Susan Ricci .
This Hammermill 106125 - Color Copy Paper, 100 Brightness, 28lb, 12 x 18, Photo...paper works great. does not curl like other brands .
the hooks were not chipped shipping was really fast nothing was broken all hooks were in package as described with all the sizes A+++++ thank you .
My son loves these gloves! They're the only ones he hasn't lost this winter! Will be ordering them again next winter .
Product is not long enough to secure to headrests in my 2013 dodge ram. Product seems like it is meant for small vehicles .
I just received a set of Japanese Hiragana and Katakana flash cards by Glen McCabe as recently revised by Professor Emiko Konomi.  I am really impressed, both by the low price and by the overall quality and value of the set.  The real usefulness of a set like this is in the way it can facilitate the speed and accuracy of character recognition.  I'm looking forward to using it this way.  The cards are plastic coated, so they won't get "funky" like the ones I made for myself some time ago.  Each card has a series of words written in kana, which aids in the reading of whole words.  One of the most important features involves a high quality CD that comes with the cards.  Using the CD in conjunction with the cards allows the learner to completely avoid using roomaji, and go directly from the Japanese character to the correct Japanese pronunciation.  The 200 cards include the so-called "twisted sounds" as well as the "voiced" sounds.  There are also wall charts of the characters, which, sad to say, I still find necessary on occasion.  For the beginner, such charts would be of great value.  I am currently teaching "Scientific Communication in English" at the Tokorozawa Campus of Waseda University.  I am a colleague of Konomi-sensei at Portland State University and have also been a student in a Japanese class in which she was the instructor.  She is truly a master teacher, and has used her considerable skills to produce a valuable and useful aid in the flash card set .
The case feels a bit cheap but overall it's a nice case. A but hard to use when a call comes in but if you usually use headsets it won't be a problem .
A great little bit. I was having trouble finding a bit in this size and was glad to have found it. Not disappointed in the performance. Holds up well to heven harder woods .
I'm sorry but this movie was horrible. i can't believe i actually sat through the whole thing. The acting was bad, the plot sucked, and nobody actually knew how to play the guitar. I'll give it this, some of the humor was good, but that was the only good point. The music may be considered good by some but to me the songs grated on my nerves and all the background music was cheap and overused. This might be acceptable for kids, but it certainly is not for me. Oh, and cinderella is saddened by this lack of respect to her name .
I love it! But there's some flaws like nothing really! Its so fun now i can reach my friends over summer! How cool! You should definitely download this app! Enjoy .
will not fit kindle fire hd 7&#34;had to order different brand hope it fitsor maybe my kindle is one of a kind .
The mp3 comes in Chinese!!! I DON'T KNOW THAT LANGUAGE, I AM ORDERING FOM USA. I DON'T UNDERSTAND ANYTHING AND I AM NOT ABLE TO CHANGE IT .
I have been using this product for about three weeks, and couldn't be happier! I have been using it for about 4 weeks now, and the results have been amazing, I have lost inches around my waist and am getting closer to the flat tummy I have always wanted. I am a full time college student, but I make sure I make the time to get to the gym Monday through Friday! When I received my product there was a paper inside offering me a free bottle, and who doesn't love free stuff? I received a call from Maggie who asked me how the product was working, and encouraged me to call if I ever had any questions, as she said "we are here to help you reach your goal". A company that cares about the customers, and gives a free product gets my vote 100%!! With all that being said give naturewise a try.Thank you Naturewise, and Maggie for your encouraging words .
Very dry, discolored, not one sprouted... Out of 10 seeds. I am an avid seeder and planter and vegetable gardener .
The Foscam FI8919W is a great camera. I am a dealer for Foscam and I sell a lot of the FI9810W. Fantastic camera for the money. I thought I would try this camera and bought 3 for my company to test. So great... We hooked it up in 5 minutes, setup is like any other Foscam Camera, the IR works great, not sure why people are putting this camera down... We have been "working" one of the cameras all the time to try to make it fail and it still works great. Im buying more and going to promote it more as well .
Not stable. Had to return .
connot be beaten for the price! works likea charm and i would absolutely recommend this product to anyone looking for at the very least an entry level antenna .
We ordered this Ted doll for our son that is in college. It was the Christmas hit in our household. After much research trying to make sure we ordered the right doll, we certainly received the correct one. This doll is the &#34;EXPLICIT&#34; version. We learned we needed to order the one with the &#34;RED Letter R&#34; tag to get what we wanted (which we did)! He also sings the &#34;Thunder Song&#34;! To our surprise, he is huge...a true 24&#34;!! He also looked identical to the movie bear! We received this bear within 3 days, which was through our Amazon Prime account. I would highly recommend this one to anyone looking for these options. Will not be disappointed .
The costume was Great Quality it had a lot of room to wear clothes underneath to stay warm.  You could easily run and play and the costume did not tear.  The shipment was very fast, received it in 3 days with standard shipping .
Before ordering this online, I read some reviews saying it wasn't as strong as what they got in the store.  I wonder if they are comparing cologne they originally had to this product which is eau de toilette, a much lighter fragrance, which I prefer.  For me, this was a great deal .
Not wanting to run wires out to the patio I thought I would give these a try.  After getting them delivered and seeing how small and lightweight they are, I was skeptical.  After hooking them up, I was surprised by how good the sound quality was.  They are very easy to install.  I used a 3.5mm Stereo Female to RCA Male Y-Cable to attach the transmitter to an audio out plug on my AV Reciever.  This way I can play CDs or listen to the music channels from Cable TV.  I have them plugged into wall sockets, instead of using batteries, since other reviews said the sound quality isn't as good with the batteries (although I never did try batteries).  I bought a second pair of speakers (comes with a free transmitter) to use on another section of the patio, still using just the one transmitter.  Very easy to set up .
Fairly fast delivery. Very good price. Will try to buy from again in future.Most places were much higher. Just started using one of the batteriesso I can't comment on much else yet .
I am a newbie at buying\using usb sticks. I found out I could store full length movies on them & play them back on my tv with a fairly low cost media player. I think it's pretty neat to be able to store 5 or 6 movies on a 16 gig little stick & watch them on tv without messing with storing DVD's. I don't know much about these sticks or how long they should last etc., but hey, no moving parts! I bought this item at a very reasonable price & shipping was pretty good. Would buy again. Probably soon .
I'm a newbie with USB sticks. Got to thinking it would be neat if I could convert an entire DVD movie to a SINGLE Mpeg file. Found a program that does that. Ok, NOW I have an entire movie on a little stick and in the process all the dvd files were compressed a lot with no noticable loss in video or audio quality! Trouble was NOW I'd like to view this on my tv. Did some looking and found this thing.My only complaints are that the usb and flash card ports are upside down and it should have come with an HDMI cord. But luckily I had one on hand so all went easy and fast. So far I have two movies on one 16 gig stick with room for 4 to 6 more (depending on movie length). So far, quite happy .
I don't know if there was a problem with the download or what the deal is, but it just isn't a full game. Every hunting unlimited i've had was a full map, run or drive around, and hunt everything. This game seems very limited, with several glitches... i hate to say it, but i'm really not impressed with it .
Some scratches on the screen and quality isn't as great as the original but for half the price HP was going to charge, I'm satisfied .
I was surprised when I received this pipe in the mail because it far exceeded its images and description!  The pipe smokes great and has an appreciable feel while holding it.  All around good pipe, no complaints .
By sharing this information, I am breaking the first and second rules of Fight Club. I heard somewhere that rules are made to be broken so here goes. It is an amazing book and has instantly become one of my favorites.  One of the most original stories I have ever read. I love how it allows you to dive into the mind of an split personality type and helps you realize that you are not your kindle, your car, or your XBOX. They did an excellent job adapting it into a motion picture so check out the movie if you haven't had the chance. I am Jack's satisfied mind .
You sent the wrong size!  I have a Samsung Galaxy S 111 mini!  Do you have it that size?  It is so pretty, but it doesn't fit my phone, ITS TOO BIG!!  Can you send me another, and I'll send this back to you .
I am so upset!  None of the cases I ordered came in the right size!!  I have a Samsung  Galaxy S 111 mini!  I wanted the cases for my new phone, and I have none!  Can you send me the correct size?  I will send the others back to you, at your cost. of course .
I bought this for my 5 year old nephew and he was overjoyed!!I used it first to test it out! it was very good. Can't beat the bargain .
I bought this to carry my cakes and it is very practical it works. Walmart has it as well for about the same price I later found out. It does its duty however I think it should be a little more secure for the little minicakes. If you don't hold it upright they all turn over .
Not happy... very sloppy made others were better. I have received better made fans for less. They made these very sloppy some were broken or stuck with glue .
ahhh I can't wait to get this one...it should be on its way. Me without you!!! Love this song. Can't wait to jam with it in the car .
Some don't close well. But you get what you pay for. They can do better than this material I think .
Hi Everyone,Well, I ordered this for my bible study group. There are quite a few bible study groups I will be visiting week after week and we need something to hold the bible as we teach but practical without the bulk. Can't wait to see what this one really looks like and works.I like it cause it will go with me where ever I go! Stay tuned...So I recieved this lectern and I was very pleased with the quality and how easy it is to set up. What made me so much more glad is that it can have a display banner attach to it and that thrilled me. I recommend this to any body who need a compact place to set their papers for a bible study or presentation .
What a delightful read! Carol has hit the nail with the hammer, dead bang on! I thoroughly enjoyed this wonderful book, well written and very insightful, not to mention the wit and humor that accompany the sound advice. There is much to be said for many of the suggestions that she has offered, and I truly believe both men and women should take the time to read this book for sure. Very helpful and informative when it comes to understanding the opposite sex .
i bought this product and it didn't work for me, it tastes really nasty and i felt no different after taking it. this stuff doesnt work .
I know they're cheap, but don't let amazon get away with false advertising. Compare the ones you receive with the set in the picture. NOT THE SAME. I don't know who could possibly give these false advertised chisels a good review. Anyone who knows anything about woodworking would know that these are Chinese garbage not worthy of a doorstop. Granted these are not premium chisels, but the ones pictured are good mid-level chisels. I don't know if anyone else is, but I am SO SICK of the false advertising on this website. The chisels shown in the picture are the Irwins that were still made in Sheffield England (originally Marples which was great quality), it even says it on the chisel in the picture. Irwin has outsourced their work to China unfortunately, but somehow Amazon is still allowed to show a picture of quality English made chisels and then send you the garbage made in China that have different handles, blade metal, and overall quality. THIS IS INSANE. Needless to say I sent the chisels back for a refund. Amazon gets an F for its report card today .
Nothing special here. It feels good in my hand, does the job it is intended for,  holds an edge well, and doesn't flex when you score wood .
So I recieved the batman trilogy on blu-ray and I went to play the batman begins disc and it would not play. I tried it in a blu-ray player and my ps3 with firmware updates and got nothing. Not only does it not play but it shuts off and freezes the entire blu ray player, and on the ps3 you get to the home screen and there is no play button. Soooo disappointing !!!! even though I'm in the minority with this opinion I like batman begins as much as dark knight rises. So I say to what ever company is pumping these out without quality control, PLEASE STOP!!! it is not just me this has happened to 2 other people I know .
Really good show can't wait for this Sundays episode .
I Liked it but it didt protect my screen from cracking so it was very disappointing.  I wouldn't recommend it .
Very poor quality. It comes in two parts and it doesn't stay together . This case looks nice online but when it came to me it was very flimsy .
The ADAPTER snapped as soon as I put my phone to charge!!!! The HEADPHONE cable is extremely LONG...u get 0000 STARS!!!! DONT BUY THIS SHIT PEOPLE .
I purchased the Bushnell GPS so we could find our way back to our starting point when we were walking while on vacation. It worked when I tested it in our home town, but was not able to find the satellite when I really needed it when we were vacationing in Aruba and later in St Petersburg Fl.Since it won't work in the situations where I need it the most, it is totally worthless to me. I am extremely disappointed and would strongly recommend against buying this product.Clifford JoensTryon, NC .
The book wasn't what I was expecting. I was hoping to have some recipes I haven't heard of or tried. Most of the recipes were either something I seen before or things my picky eater wouldn't eat .
bought this as a gift and recived it really quick but was defected the quality of pic looked like an x ray picture sent it back had to pay $9.50 extra out of pocket not happy..Recived the 2nd one in 2-3days very pleased my brother loves it great product .
Just got mine in the mail and it looks just like it is advertised. I am not the biggest fan of the keyboard slip just because i do not like the way it feels when i type makes me feel like i have to press extra hard, other than that i love it, and it shipped quickly .
When I got the engine, I did probably assembled it incorrectly, because it worked for 3 days only. I contacted Dorita at Jensen, and she told me to ship it to the for repairs. They repair my engine, sent it back to me UPS second day, and they did not charged me for the repair. Excellent and friendly customer service .
The unit turns on, but the weight plate doesn't work at all. It says 0.00 no matter what you put on it, in any mode .
Absolutely love it. Goes on very easily and not oily at all..would highly recommend this product to all my friends .
I am addicted to this show. If not for amazon I would have to wait until the season was over befor watching it .
They don't glow. I was 100% disapointed. I thought that they were going to be cool and glow. I guess I thought wrong .
not very sturdy and doesn't work very well when you have heavy stuff like cans on it. would NOT recommend .
this is a awesome! i don't have a fenced yard so these are perfect to keep them close by, just putting them on and hitting the vibrate to let them know they are wearing it is enough to make them behave .
when i first got it it kinda worked but isn't compatible with my ipad only my iphone. eventually it stopped working for my phone as well and it sucks because the long cord was so convenient .
Akiba Howard gave me the needed directions in my mid-life crisis that no self-help help book ever did. In his book I have learned and will practice the four steps that I know will guide me though my life. For anyone who doubts themselves in not believing in yourself or going through some tough times in your life, buy this book and make it your manual for a new beginning .
They worked very well with my canon mp190. Don't waste your money with original ones. No error, no mismatching, good business .
It's hard for me to believe this is Melinda R. Morgan's first book. The mixture of music, spirituality, romance, science, and the unknown are neatly connected for our reading pleasure. The pacing is nice. No action just for action's sake. The events unfold smoothly. It was satisfying in its own right, but left me wanting more .
I have read over 60 zombie novels including zombie fallout, a new world, the remaining, and surviving the dead. I would have to say i enjoyed this one every bit as much as those. In fact in some ways more because this was not another series, it actually had and ending. I spent a long time scrolling thru ebooks looking for and new zombie read and honestly didn't expect much out of this book but was happy enough with it to write the first review i have ever done. As far as the mistakes or grammar problems, i was enjoying the story to much to really notice any. GREAT story can't wait for the next one .
I am pleased that my case arrived fairly quick, but not too pleased with the look of it.The product preview depicts a more realistic looking stitch, with a dark aqua blue belly and eyes, maroon colored nose and feet, and eyes going into the edges of the case.Here's a picture of how mine looked.[IMG][...]As you can see, my colors are way off, and it looks more cartoon-y.Still pleased, but disappointed at the same time .
My glue was dry. My acrylic doesn't dry right, it's all gelly like it's old or something. I'm very upset, I was really excited for this. Welp, at least the gems and the oil are nice. -___- I'm mad I spent 16 dollars on this .
put miore cushion in bottom to soothe the feet make more space in th e front so they aren't so tight .
Interesting finale that ended up with characters dead who from the start is thought would've survived.  The finale is not a happy ending per say but a reasonable, practical one .
Very good In-depth view of the history of currency wars and the making of currency world war 3.  Should be a book taught in schools to not just business majors but all students since it will affect everyone's future .
I bought this battery for me to use at school. It works great and lasts a long time!! When I first got it, it took a couple of charges for it to work longer. After a while the battery started to last longer than the first days. It works great and I have had no problems with it. I would recommend anyone to purchase this battery, it works great and the price is worth it .
I bought this for my Samsung replenish Syracuse my old battery wasn't working any more.  This battery works great and lasts almost a whole day .
The labels says plantronics but performance sucks so bad as if it's built in china in 1980's. It's Dead on Arrival.We can't hear anything .
I discovered the first book as a recommendation from amazon list..tried the sample and I've devoured them all in 3 days!! I can not wait for the next one! I'm a huge Ilona Andrews, nalini Singh, Patricia Briggs fan and I actually put on hold my new nalini for your stories I was fascinated by the world u created and the character depth and detail is wonderful. Even secondary characters have great back stories and I hope to learn more about them all. Excellent writing and transitioning a few editing mistakes thru out the books but u hooked me into the story so deep I didn't care and believe me when I say I almost NEVER get over those things... I don't want to be bogged down by my own version of auto correct in my mind thru the stories to miss the fun of reading one so thank you for being as diligent as u were and I'll be back in sept for the new one .
This is a dumb app. all it is is a list of movies they think are a must have/see. Not the actual ability to watch the movie. Waste of money .
The images do leave a certain lasting impact, but the story is wonderfully whimsical. A delightful book for young ones. I  know my 21 month old sat quietly listening. What I don't like about it is my friend who isn't too familiar with reading with expression wouldn't fair so well reading it to a toddler. Not an easy flow .
The spirit of Selassie is with us through the riddim of ze Jamrock.  No retreat no surrender, RAH RAH LAH .
Them will never share so we have to bun dem all.  For the 9 who came from the 3, we Rock Solid .
I got this tent for my birthday and first set it up in the backyard one rainy spring weekend to test its water resistance.  It was a little damp and the wind collapsed it, but my yard is wide open and full of sand/gravel on that side.  I bought some more yellow stakes and we didn't blow away at all this weekend.  The tent also stayed dry under the cover of the trees which was great.  We love that we can fit our queen-size air mattress and 2 sleeping bags for the kids in the back room with plenty of room for storage and moving about.  The &#34;windows&#34; in the front screen room close up to keep the elements out which came in handy during the rain - especially with two young kids and a dog.  I put it together myself in less than twenty minutes and I'm only 5' 4&#34; tall.  I would definitely recommend it for families and people that camp for long amounts of time.  Our next camping trip will be for 7+ days and we can't wait .
Replaced my nonstick pans with this set.  So easy to use and clean.  Great for daily use.  Eggs won't stick.  Recently took the set camping and set the pans right in the fire.  Made eggs, sausage, burgers, hot dogs, and even boiled dinner (in the Dutch oven).  I will never use anything else .
I ordered this for my boyfriend as a Christmas gift last year and he absolutely loves it.  All of his friends are impressed by it and it's sturdy enough that our two year old daughter doesn't knock it over.  I would definitely recommend this product for gamers .
Excellent product deep corner pockets easy to wash/dry bought a different one for double the price that didn't fit as nicely.....great price excellent product .
First time I ordered a long sleeve anything that was longer than I expected.  I almost don't know how to act with a jacket sleeve that hits me right where it is supposed to.  I comes right to the base of my thumb when my arms are by my side.  Fantastic .
This review is not for the product, it's for Thermos! I ordered this lunch bag, it's THREE DAYS LATE, and it's still not here! I'm so angry. I want a refund .
The replacement lamp was just what I needed.  I was not sure what the problem was to begin with, but when I called different businesses to find out if they carried this lamp, one individual suggested I go to Amazon to order the lamp.  Amazon had the best price and the lamp was so easy to install.  My 10 year old grandson helped me with it .
I sent this e-card for my brother on Christmas and I was incredibly disappointed to find out that it didn't arrive on time and I had to re-send it. It went through right away when I had it re-sent, but there is really no excuse for an e-card to not arrive on time .
This item didn't meet my expectations at all. I really expected more! It's difficult to put in your ear, it infected my tragus piercing, it's super tiny, and it doesn't ever look like a heart ! Regret buying it and would've loved a refund .
When I first read this book it really got me reading more and more.I couldn't get enough of the series .
Read the first book of the series and the second is just as good as the first.Can't get enough of this book.A must read series .
Read this book and it is just as good as the rest.Can't get enough of this book.A must read series .
Read the first,second and third book and it is just as good.Can't get enough of this book.A must read series .
Reading this book made me wonder what else could happen.Can't wait for the next book of this story to come out .
Nice watch. Good size for the price. Always wanted a invicta watch and I wasn't disappointed with my purchase. Thanks .
It is really good! But it was hard to push out all the air bubbles. But that is not a big problem .
just as discribed, will work great have many tapes to reviewwill recommend to friends who may have tapes that they are not sure how to convert .
was a great accent to a winter wonderlannd themed party, arrived on time but not as sparkly and expected but will recommend .
Just for show, not very durable, or a of great protection.  Colorful and easy to coordinate, with clothes.  Enjoyed by everyone .
It arrived too late, not very useful, unless you use two at a timenot some think i would recommend .
they were very beautiful in package but lost sparle when applied to cakewere not easy to remove from packaging .
This is the only brace that does not slide around on my arm and allows me to comfortably play golf.  My tennis elbow is still healing and this  brace has helped me to be able to remain somewhat active while it does .
This is a very good description of a slow and steady capital growth strategy using options.  The book is clear and concise and does not require much additional information to implement aside from a good basic understanding of how options work.  I recommend it .
Have had the case for about a month now and it still works great. The fit is perfect. The slimness of the case is great, and the feel of it is very nice. I like it alot. My clips seem to be working great and hanging in there. So far no complaints or problems .
The feel and fit of the case was good, except that the microphone opening is in the wrong side and covers the mic.  with the case on, nobody can hear you, and also; to make it worse; if some of you wonder what is that small hole on the top of the F7 phone? Well, that is a secondary microphone with a noise reduction system, and of course, the case covers that mic also. Since it was cheap, I just opened the holes for the microphones with scissors, and for some other supernatural reason, everybody that I tried to talk to told me that they could not hear me, after removing the case, they could hear me ok .
Great product, worked perfectly. I didn't know how to use the "splicers" that it came with, but I was able to use a different type that I have. Took 20 minutes to install .
I hate this app! I know it's Free and all but I can't stand it! You can't move the stupid lady bug... don't get it waste of time .
I hate it! I was going through the tutorial and I had to do something else on my kindle fire for my mom and it wouldn't bring the home button up.. I had restart my kindle fire just to get outta the app!! If you are a person who wants to get out of an app without having to restart you device don't get it .
First off, it shipped very quickly. The box was a little dented, but the bottle itself was perfect so I didn't really care. I quickly went to put it on. My nails look like diamonds now. It goes on perfectly, but everyone needs to remember/ realize that you dab glitter nail polish on for a first coat, then paint on a second coat. It makes for very uniform nails. I'm really satisfied with this purchase, and I'm actually relieved so see the comments that it chips off easily because I'm horrified at how difficult it is to remove glitter nail polish. Anyways, I would recommend this polish to anyone. It's fantastic .
i tested this out and like most won't leave home without it. If you are a serious outdoorsman you need to carry this item at all times .
no way to attach a canister of fuel from u.s.a. coleman portable tanks. Base size is different from u.s. size attachement .
good purchase, this knife used with lansky system is razor sharp. would reccommend for most outdoors uses. have not put it through the paces yet .
Lampos deals with very difficult teaching situations in a very practical manner. Using true-life stories from her own experience, she weaves easily applicable educational principles throughout the book --- and she does it painlessly. "Teaching Diamonds in the Tough" is devotional in format, but don't let the casual structure fool you. This book has very powerful, sometimes heart-wrenching, stories of troubled children, their struggles and successes. And it presents some of the most workable ideas for teaching students like this that I have ever seen. Our culture is moving so fast in this direction that we are in danger of losing an entire generation if we don't learn how to teach, guide and mentor troubled students with love and acceptance. This book is a great tool for the job.David E. FessendenAuthor ofTeaching with All Your Heart: Bringing Curriculum & Class to Life .
I haven't, of course, read the whole book -- I mean, after all, it is a devotional with 52 entries, so I assume the author expects you to read one a week for a year. But I have read several, all in one sitting -- I couldn't stop myself -- and I intend to dip back into this regularly (maybe weekly, maybe more often). It's a very accessible devotional, and not something you have to work at to read.That doesn't mean I consider it fluffy or frothy -- far from it. Rose Chandler Johnson covers a wide range of topics and bases each devotional entry on a Scripture passage. The passages she chooses are from all over the Old and New Testaments; they are mostly well-known verses, but she manages to bring a fresh perspective to them. She is able to be profound without becoming pedantic or obtuse -- and that is a hard balance to maintain.This would be a great devotional for a new Christian, but even the more seasoned believer will get a lot out of it, despite the fact that it is intentionally light reading. Have you ever read a devotional early in the morning, and just couldn't follow it because the text was too plodding? You won't have that problem with this devotional, but you will still be challenged by it .
Eddie Jones begins his book with a disclaimer that it is a collection of supporting material from the classes he teaches, and is not a "full-blown writing book." Be that as it may, this short read contains more direct practical advice than many of the "full-blown" books I've read on fiction writing. focusing on four prevailing elements of good fiction --- plot, dialogue, characters and scenes --- Jones covers the essence of these, identifying where an author can go wrong and providing good examples of the right way to do it. Do I wish at times that he had gone into a point more fully? Of course, but then I would have had to invest far more time in reading the book. I like how pithy and succinct this book is --- similar to some of the advice he gave me when I wrote (and revised) my first novelThe Case of the Exploding Speakeasy. I'm sure I'll be referring to A Novel Idea again and again as I write my next novel .
The story plot and special effects along with a really hip cast makes this a series I don't want to miss .
My daughter was nothing but smiles when she opened this gift!Thanks So Much! She uses this purse every single day now .
the fishes where not painted as detailed as portrayed,single bland colors,also two fishes where missing side fins and a few have nicked paint from shipping..i feel decieved .
I like this game.itseasy to get stuck on a level.but its still interesting to play.I'm stuck on level 25.I don't think you should have to spend money to get a hint so you can get to the next level.but oh well .
This app is really fun for long car rides and boring days. Some of the emojis don't make much sense but all in all its a really fun game .
Those boots look good, but when we have a lot of snow they  always get wet inside and it's just snow,  not  water or something, therefore I don't know why they called waterproof! I'm really frustrated .
I liked this book a lot because it was very exciting and kept me on the edge of my seat just having to know what was going to happen next. Also, it was nice to finally find out why the "crazy vampire" was after Kismet. The only thing I didn't like about it was the fact that Devereux was not in this book as much as he was the others, but it was still great even so! I absolutely can't wait for the next on to come out .
I thought this book was wonderful!! Very well thought out, exciting, romantic, and full of fun! I was glad to see a lot more of Devereux in this book as he is my favorite character!! I just couldn't put it down once I started reading it! I read it in under a day .
I really liked this book! It wasn't quite as exciting as the "Vampire Shrienk" series, but still a fun book none the less. I really liked the female character, she seemed very strong and independent. The sex scenes in this book were really "hot" as well .
This short story was cute and funny! It doesn't have anything to do with Devereux so if you are expecting that then you will be disappointed. If you really love this series like I do then you should definately read this shorty story as well. Just don't try to read this without reading the other books that came before it or you will definatley not get it. I recommend reading them all for sure .
It's not authentic carger. Should not this purchase. I got fake charger.BAD BUY, I would like to return. It's not authentic carger .
The big barker bed is amazing! You can tell as you open the packaging that the seller really cares about the product. Right out of the box, you can see the quality that goes into the product. I own a 105lb pitbull and he didn't even sag into the mattress!! I bought the large and it was perfect for him. Do not be fooled by cheap knockoffs, this is the Rolls Royce of dog beds!! My dog sleeps on a better bed than me now .
So theres already 12,009 reviews here! Everything i could say has been said - the books awsome! All these one star reviews - WHAT? I loved it, the whole series, beginning to end! It wasn't mind numbing to read, theres plenty to keep you entertained cover to cover. I couldnt put it down. The hunger games trilogy opened up a can of worms for me in this particular genre, lots of delightful worms .
I just finished Sweet Thing and have the biggest smile on my face:) *points finger... Renee Carlino is amazing! She had me with the prologue, I thought " wow, this is different" after you read so many books they sort of start to become obvious and there are so many with the same story line. I loved will, he was a breath of fresh air. My husband walked in on me reading and laughed and said " a good one, huh?"  If you haven't read this, you really should .
Absolutely loved this book..... I don't think Karina Halle could write a bad book.An emotional journey of love, passion, tattooed girls and hot spaniards .
Great case would recommend it to my friends...The item can take a lil abuse, wouldn't recommend throwing or smashing it .
Its been running great for about a month now. I haven't noticed any noise issues at all. Good water movement for a small tank .
Cute Case!  I was concerned that the beads would start falling off right away - not so.  Have had the case for a few months and everything is still intact. Note - takes a few weeks to ship .
My husband got my wedding ring and I guess he forgot to ask me my ring size and bought it without knowing and its platinum and diamond so I don't want to just give it to some one to size so I ordered the sizing ring gard and couldn't believe how easy it was to put on so now I can were my ring with out worrying about loosening it thank ya so much!  Vera .
My husband is a good ol country boy and is not big on fancy things so he lost his wedding ring from when we got married and told him to pick  that he likes on Amazon and liked this one because it has wood on it so I ordered it and he loves it and it is just perfect for him so now hopefully he won't loose it! Vera .
It is a good game but unless you buy it, you don't get to play much of it. Would have liked to see more before planning on buying .
I love this series of books. It keeps my attention all the way through the books and makes me want to read more. I can't wait for the next books .
I didn't know if I would like the game or not.tried it and I have to say I'm pretty impressed with the app. S1 Alfheim: 17nua3g5 .
The item was a lot different than the picture on amazon. The picture showed blues and greens and a little purple. The bag that I got had lots of red patterns and there was no leaf patterns on it that was in the picture either. The price is to high especially since the picture is not even accurate .
This product was very well made and will last forever but it just doesn't work as a belt clip.Damages dress belts with minimum useNot secure on wide beltsScreen faces out so it is exposed to possible damage and nosy peopleI am very impressed with all the other products from this company but they need to put more through into a belt clip design .
This book is amazing. The details are awesome. I love the book and all the great pop ups. I didn't expect this book to be so great. I was afraid it wasn't going to be all that, but it was. I love this book .
It is agood car holder recomend u to buy it but moves alot while driving but generaly good stuff and the shipping was great i got it after 2 weeks not a month thank u .
You will definitely see life through different eyes after reading this book! Brene Brown is brilliant and brings so much to life that we take advantage of. This is not a fad or the next best thing, this is reality, a way of life. You will feel empowered and transformed, you will appreciate and recognize your own vulnerability and courageous acts of others. I truly brings you back down to a good, comfortable place where you can enjoy yourself and others without be critical and embrace life as it is.Great for anybody! Highly recommended! Love her style and how she gets her message out .
I started using this product about 8 months ago and have been very pleased. I am very sensitive to other shampoos including very high end products. After using CLEAR I shortly noticed a significant improvement in the health of my scalp and hair. My hair is naturally wavy and requires additional products to keep the frizz down. With CLEAR Frizz control I don't need to use additional products and it takes less time to get ready in the morning.I have referred this product to many people and now my sister and her family and brother and his family are using this. They are all very satisfied.Highly recommended. Your hair will look amazing in less than a week .
It is good for me to recharge the battery in my cell phone Maybe it works in other cell phone but not mine .
Got to me before Christmas  I bought one from one of the local stores in my area.  but for the price it is not bad .
Once key board is set it should stay there, Hands free speaker is  not Loud enough but still a great phone .
Fits Well, will not slip out off my hand.I was surprised tot get it so early.I have decided to keep my LG 800 and I am looking for the same cover for my older phone .
Works good.  I was able to hear conversation and it lessened the noise from semi auto hand gun noise.  I have not used it with rifle yet .
I just needed one part that clamps on my uniform for work.  All other parts haven't been used yet.  I will probably use the dash mount eventually .
I bought three of these for all of our vehicles.  One does not like staying mounted.  Other two work great.  Just a little quality control issues .
I have another one that has a metal or die cast housing.  This one appears to be made only from plastic.  I do not care for it .
I got these a couple weeks ago.  They can be scratched easily.  They also do not repell dirt and dusti as well as I read. Ok but a little priced to high for what you get .
Great quality case with excellent quality foam.  Outer shell, hinges and latches are very durable and not 'cheap' feeling. My Blade 350 QX fits unbelievably well.  Quite pleased .
thought there would be more of a color assortment. to many of the same dull colors. men they were bought for were not impressed .
Nancy Grisham encourages the reader to TRUST GOD in ALL of LIFE.  She reminds the reader of who God is and His faithfulness while encouraging us to trust Him with everything.  This is a book that needs to be revisited.  (You can't just read it once.)  It is filled with scripture.  It is practical and personal.  It is inspiring and encouraging.  I recommend this book for anyone who wants to be encouraged to trust the Lord with reckless abandon .
The copy I purchased was used but in decent shape.  There are no highlights or underlines in the text.  The seller shipped the book immediately and I was pleasantly surprised to receive my book so quickly.  As for the text itself, I would recommend this textbook to anyone interested in studying floral design.  It is a good &#34;go to&#34; reference for designers so a wise investment .
Could not put it down. Easy read. Past around to other family members and they loved it too. Hooray for those who rescue dogs .
Had a similar one with different style material and it snagged terribly. This one fits and feels wonderful and have no issue with snagging .
Well made and just the right weight. Not to heavy not to light. Have seen similar design but this one had the best price. Very pleased .
So happy I ordered these! Especially this specific brand. Don't waste your money on the others at your local home improvement stores. We recently planted 4 new trees. No more dragging the hose through the yard everyday to keep them watered .
Lindsey Stirling's album is a unique blend of modern techno music and classic violin. It may seem difficult to create multiple pieces using only one instrument and minimal vocals, she has created a creative palette of color and originality .
Very good but then it breakIt was cheap Was $4.30 now I can't listen to music in my car all day .
This wallet iPhone case fits everything you need to carry when running to the store or out sightseeing, actually pretty much anywhere that you need to go. Great in places where your everyday pocketbook would be too much, like at a football game or to the movies, etc.  The color on this page makes it look like a dark purple.  When you receive yours it is more like lavender.  A coworker ordered the darker red one and it was more muted than the picture shows.  The only thing I have found that I am not completely pleased with is once you put all of your items and phone in it and place it in your pocket (if you don't want to use the wrist strap that is attached) it is a little bulky in you pocket.  Other than that, it is very convenient and come in many colors and is less expensive on Amazon than the ones I have seen around town .
This keyboard is a great buy.  It is lightweight and the spacing of the keys make it comfortable to type on.  I initially had a problem getting it to connect to my iPad, then I realized I was not doing it correctly.  It works great and I would recommend it to anyone .
I bought this camera bag for my t3i 6 months ago. Originally I had a 17-50mm and a 50mm alongside extra batteries and a lens cleaning kit.When I first started out, it was ok at best.Pros:It held my 50mm, 17-50mm, body, my extra batteries, and a charger, as well as various other things.I especially like the side pockets, perfect for the 'extras' I had in my pocket.There are straps on the bottom, and I occasionally kept a small tripod attached to them, which was nice.The bag shows no signs up wear, and appears to be very rugged.I was able to re-arrange the compartments to hold my gear more securely.Cons:The strap clips don't rotate, so I was constantly having to untangle it.The material is abrasive, so don't rub up against it.The bag isn't exactly super-light. It isn't bad, but it certainly isn't great.I quickly ran out of room as I upgraded my kit.The compartment system is a bit odd. It consists of velcro and padded fabric. It holds things in place fairly well, but it rarely maintains the shape I want, so I sort of have to re-arrange it each time I put lenses back.Way too expensive for what I got.Overall, I thought the bag was very too expensive for what I got. I would suggest investing it a low-key off-brand bag for your camera, and to steer clear of this one. Unless you only need a back-up bag, and don't mind spending too much money on it .
The book was in great condition when I received it.  I couldn't even tell it was used; it looked brand new .
Case it so cute & fits my phone perfectly. Ive gotten a lot of compliments. Shipping ny awesome as well. I didn't expect to get it back so quickly .
Loved this one,toss up between this one,The Wolf and The Dark Knight ,Im glad it was a long book didn't want it to end and love her writing .
It is even prettier than the picture on the website. I couldn't be happier with my purchase. Thank you so much .
This book helped me understand what Celiac Disease really is and what you can do to control it. It explains what the disease will do to you if you don't take control and make the necessary changes in your life .
I have always been terrified about cancer.  Mr. Martin took the fear away when he forced me to stand by him and go through very detailed descriptions of the treatments and outcome of those treatments.  Although I was not in the room with him, his writing made me feel as though I was there in the treatment room with him.  I sat down in early evening and started reading. It got later and later but I could not leave Mr. Martin alone.  Even though my insides were shaking and tears were running down my face, I knew I had to keep reading and learning and supporting Mr. Martin. This book is truly a must read for people who felt like I did about cancer.  After experiencing life with cancer through Mr. Martin's eyes, I know I can beat it.  I am no longer as afraid and I once was and I commend Mr. Martin for his courage to share all the most personal intimate details of this horrific trip he took to beat cancer.  With the knowledge he shares in this book, it will help you in your battle with cancer. Thank You Mr. Martin .
Dev Shannon is a good bad boy.  He is smart as whip and equally creative in getting the job done.  Personally charming with a dash of redneck.  I like the descriptions of everywhere he went in pursuit of his jobs. You feel like you could go to the city he is describing and walk right into the bar he is sitting in.  I highly recommend this book if you want an adventure that you will not be able to predict what is going to happen or how he is going to get the job done. I enjoyed the writing style used in this book, it is always a step ahead .
I am starting to love Mr. Pettigrew and Mr.Martin.  I really loved all the descriptive phrases and the way Mr. Martin moves Mr. Pettigrew through his very colorful life.  No matter what happens to him, Mr. Pettigrew will find a way to stand tall, a man on conviction.  I love never knowing where Mr. Martin will take us. There is just something about a man who will always do what is right even if it is not in his favor to do so.  This book is very entertaining and has a flavor of how the west really was.  I had a margarita and curled up and went to bed with Mr. Pettigrew. A great Friday night read .
Just a bad set of stories. Not very creative at all. But it's free (you get what you pay for) so I give it couple stars for price .
We like the product becuase of its ingrediants, it doesn't have a lot of the additives the other brands have. They do take a little longer to dissolve than hylands other tablets so keep that in mind. Otherwise great product .
We have one for both myself and husband; we love them. Super easy to put on and clean. I do not reccomend front facing carry per doc reccomendations, its bad for babies hips and backs .
My husband being a tall guy we always buy &#34;tall&#34; work shirts for him, this was the first time we bought Hanes brand, and it will be the last. They are not much longer if at all longer than the regular Hanes shirts. They are also much less comfortable than other brands we've bought .
The item worked great but I found it quickly became useless if, like me, you plan to build a stash of milk. It just doesn't hold enough bags. With full 5oz bags it might hold 10 .
I expected that I was buying rooster feathers, but when I got them they were not feathers at all, but more like hair extensions - i'd rather buy something like this at Hot Topic .
I have had this product for about a month now, and they have never once lifted off of the keys or caused any issues with having to reapply them. They are simply 3M stickers that sit right on top of your keys and they look and feel great! They were much easier to apply than I would have ever thought! When I am ready for a different design, I will DEFINITELY buy from this company again .
Subwaysurfers is a very good at a lot of good attempt said Fred Thompson and i know it is a very good at a lot of people who are not the Christmas carols and i know .
So the screen itself is OK. it is an actual screen. Very grainy though but it does the job. The back of the screen is black so no light is going to pass through it which to some is good to some its not. it is heavy and sturdy and that is the sad part too. The spring or the coil that is supposed to keep the screen rolled up is very very weak. So once I am done using the screen if i roll it up it still drops/rolls down quite a bit. there is a metal or wooden rod that is in the bottom of the screen. It is supposed to keep the vinyl in shape and stretched. This rod is very heavy and the coil can't bear its weight so it unwinds. Defeats the purpose of roll down screens. If the coil worked i would give this 5 stars.The arrangement i have is i have used L brackets to hang this from the wall over my window. The whole idea was to use the screen when needed and else roll it up to let light come through the window. now since its half way rolled down; i cant seem to utilize my window. Anyways the set up is very heavy and i lost the box so cant even return it. but if you have other options i would look elsewhere. This screen is cheap for a reason .
Blew off in 1 week. Did not get decent light out of this. Threw away a lampshade to expose the bulb and now i have one that doesn't work. Too pricey for the quality .
I had a complicated set up for my screen. I needed a clamp that can stay perpedicular to each other so i can suspend a screen. It sure did. the slit on the top allows you to suspend the screen at different positions. it comes with all the screws etc so don't need to buy any additional hardware if your set up is simple .
build quality is great. used it for diving and will use it again. the silicon is soft and won't hurt your face. keep in mind it doesnt give you the view of side .
For some reason this product doesn't work that well with apple tv. I wanted a low profile cable to save space and purchased this one so i can stop using my present cable that is very thick. At times this cable delivers signals and at times it doesnt. At first it seemed like a loose connection issue but it isnt. The cable is secure in the Apple TV and the TV and yet it sporadically looses connection. May be its a bad cable or may be its not compatible with apple tv (dont know how its possible .
small and pricey. returned it. found the same one at much cheaper price at target and walmart. did not buy it as i had many options .
so i thought i would buy this because its digital and will give much more approximate weight. one would conclude as they see digital scales at grocery stores when they buy produce or meat. Buy something else. i weight different each time in a span of 5 minutes. Sounds hilarious but its a waste of my money. tried various surfaces, wood, tile, carpet. None helped. you need a calculator to measure your weight. You need to measure atleast 5 times and then take an average. you will really get it right .
It doesn't really secure the go pro that well even after you hear a click. i was diving with this and my hand must have hit something and the go pro slipped out. So i see a sting ray and want to take a picture, the go pro was gone! luckily i traced back and found it but you might not get this lucky if you were say snorkeling. Later on i  attach another lanyard to the go pro screw and attach the lanyard to my hand. Tested this again and if something hits the go pro it slips out. Whats the point? It isnt as tough as the go pro is .
Great box Exactly what i needed. it isn't water proof but its definitely seems like shock proof. Great way to protect the camera .
This book is very graphic. It took me by surprise and I could not put it down because I had to see where it was going. Not my usual type of read but was enjoyable .
This tiny radio works surprisingly good for size.  Using in garage - signals great through walls and once installed, never have to mess with settings.  Very stable .
The terminals were bent or broken on both batteries when received. I do not believe this was caused in shipping .
Too bulky however quality of material and workmanship was great. For someone who does not care about size of case .
This product is excellent.  The size is very compact and doesn't seem like it's larger than it needs to be.  I recently updated my TV from a LG 32in LCD to a LG 42in LED.  My PX21's were connected to the older TV via 3.5mm.  However, the newer TV was missing the 3.5mm port.  Connected an optical cable from my 360 slim to the FiiO, and the PX21's 3.5mm connector into the &#34;line out&#34; port on the FiiO.  On the 360, make sure the audio is set to &#34;Stereo&#34; because any of the &#34;Surround Sound&#34; setting will not output audio to the headphones. I believe if you connect the device to the TV, you change the audio settings on your TV to &#34;PCM&#34;.  I am very satisfied with this product .
I purchased this case as it was one of the few cases I could find that was both matte and red.  The case is very slim and adds barely any thickness to the device.  I keep an extra battery in my wallet and am often swapping out the battery once it dies.  After about a dozen times or so I noticed a small crack coming from the top-right corner of the case.  The case is a very tight fit that requires a bit of force to remove from the phone.  However, not everyone has multiple batteries for their S4.  For those of you who don't change the battery, this case is just fine .
Case arrived damaged.  Pieces of the red paint were chipped and very noticeable BEFORE removing the plastic.  The screen protector was nothing to write home about, and I never planned on using the stylus.  Returned the next day and received a full refund.  My disappointment was short-lived as I also ordered the SPIGEN Neo Hybrid case in red alongside this case .
These are fascinating, multi-dimensional novels that can be interpreted in endless ways.  They are fast moving and keep you guessing about where they are going and what it all means.  Just like real life, the devil is in the trivial details, intentional and unintentional misunderstandings abound, and the irony builds and builds.Many comparisons with the masterpieces are possible (Don Quixote, Candide, Madame Bovary, The Awakening, Bleak House, Strange Case of Doctor Jekyll and Mister Hyde).  At the risk of destroying something beautiful, over-simplifying, and generalizing something that is unique, one could say these books capture the decline in morals, family, business, legal, and social relationships in the United States and document an accelerated trend toward fragmentation, alienation, stagnation, and decay.Maybe it's because we were bombarded with political advertisements for months on end and our country seems engaged in one crisis after the next, but I found myself thinking that these novels are an extended metaphor for how our political and social life has disintegrated over the last few decades.Something happened that caused serious distrust and a change in values.  It is hard to say what it was (the Vietnam War, Watergate, women's lib, birth control, Bill Clinton's Presidency, etc.), but it happened, and there is no going back.  The change manifested very quickly, so quickly that one must surmise that it was something that resulted from strong forces that had built up over a long period of time.The Republicans have values which are tradition-based and logic-bound.  The Democrats' values tend towards the emotional and they seem to relish challenging traditional beliefs and practices.  However, both parties are afraid of bringing their conflict out into the open and waging an honest and public war for fear of alienating the voters (kids in the case of this story).The Republicans do not understand the full extent to which their values are fundamentally in conflict with the Democrats.  Since the Republicans want to preserve the most basic traditional value of civility (bi-partisanship), they are routinely manipulated and co-opted into various agreements.  And of course, each of these agreements and attempts to compromise ultimately exacerbate every problem, rather than solving anything.In the process of their long-simmering conflict, the Country's infrastructure and viability have decayed (housing, education, economy, governance, law) and the U.S. has split into two rival camps.  The Democrats and the Republicans have such different values, taste and preferences and they distrust each other so much that they can no longer talk to each other in any meaningful way.  Periodically, they go to the court or to vote, but neither side respects the judgment that is rendered, and both sides skulk off feeling victimized.  They live in separate houses in the same town but never talk to each other, except when they have no choice, and even then it is to conduct or conclude some transaction.Considering that I am recommending these novels to my friends and family, I am disappointed that my description sounds so dull and humorless.  Enjoy them .
The case has everything you need in a case. The fit is perfect, the slim fit is whats desired, the case has a nice feel and look to it. The stand works just as it should, standing up sturdy in each of the slots. I have had no problems with it and it looks like there won't be any. Handles all the daily use very well .
This touching, funny book has superb insights into the bodily senses, politics, marriage, academia, and regional subcultures, among many other things.Underneath the funny barbs, this is a loving tribute to Oregon's special mixture of East and West coasters, environmentalists and anarchists, do-gooders and cynics. And mixed in with the hilarious spoofs of college professors, there are wonderful meditations on what it means to get the insider's point of view. The particular focus is a young politics professor's attempt to get inside the minds of local anarchists, but the insights into this vexed enterprise apply to much of the contemporary world: the vicissitudes of sudden mass movements, celebrities, and scandals, the frantic drive in the mass media and on the internet to uncover everyone's secrets.But of course all this works only because the writing is so good--gorgeous descriptions, attention to sensual details, beautifully evoked scenes and characters. So I'll just end by listing, somewhat at random, a few short examples:..."[He was] divorced for the flair with which he shined his shoes."Joey (mother to son): "I hope Oregon isn't like Israel."Sequoia: "through the body we reach the spirit, heart, and mind, not the other way around."In short, there's a lot going on here .
Years ago, I found this beauty. The independent ratings spoke volumes, and not one was even remotely negative. I purchased one, absolutely love it - it is spectacular in person and the mother of pearl dial is exquisite!!  Now that I was able to get it at a slightly discounted rate, I purchased two more - one that I already gave as a gift to someone who lamented that she had the very same one and lost it - and was mourning it ever since. Well, now she has it back again, and she actually started to cry after she opened the box and saw what was inside. It was definitely my best gift-giving yet!!If you are lucky enough to still be able to purchase this gem, don't let it go. You will NOT be disappointed. The photo does not show it justice .
This little power pack charged my phone from 45% battery to 100% within roughly 20 minutes.  Since I did not utilize the entire charge ability in one shot, it has plenty of power left before I will need to charge it again.  Great charger. Of all the various chargers I've researched, this one received the best reviews, and I totally agree with them .
It is classic in an understated way. The leather is nice and although it can be a bit challenging to get on the food (wear think socks), the shoe is incredibly comfortable. I do not feel like I am wearing a high heel, and this shoe quickly became one of my &#34;go-to&#34; accessories .
I first purchased this shoe in navy. It was so incredibly comfortable, and looked amazing with ankle-length pants, that I HAD to purchase the red as well.  Just be careful of the patent - covered heel. Once the back catches on something and the heel gets scraped, there is no way to touch it up or fix it .
I have charged it several times, and then attempted to charge my iPhone with it. I can't tell when it's working, and so far it has done nothing even though it was fully charged. It did not arrive with adequate instructions, and I would welcome any suggestions on how to use it correctly.  I gave it two stars rather than one because I figured there must be an error on my part and not totally on the part of the device itself.AMENDMENT TO MY REVIEW:  When I pushed down the small button for a quick 1/2 second, it finally registered with my phone and is charging it now. The error was on my part, albeit there are no decent instructions that come with it.  I am hoping for a quick charge .
I hesitated before purchasing it as I thought it was a bit pricey-especially because I have other low black boots, but the style is very classic and you can't go wrong with it. You do have to be careful when wearing these, because the leather is nice but somewhat delicate. I scuffed the pointed toes the first time wearing them - was very upset, but was able to work on the pulled leather and make it look a little less noticeable.  It is a comfortable boot, and hard to find. But if you treat it with care, you will get a lot of enjoyment from it .
Just what I was looking for.  Had a railroad watch many years ago.  When I needed a new watch, I started looking for a new model.  Although a little hard to find, this model is perfect.  Good size, not too big, light weight, easy to read.I did follow other users tip to fully charge the watch prior to use, it's working great.The Amazon purchase process was also easy and good, delivered right on time .
I loved reading the seeing the story unfold through Hudson's eyes. I couldn't put it down. It's definitely on my &#34;favorite&#34; list .
This is the only food my rabbit will eat most of. And when I say most of I mean every once in a while he will stop eating the green pieces....and then switch to not eating the brown pieces...and then sometimes the red pieces .
Ok just doing this for the extra points because usually I don't do reviews but I gotta hand it to them the game is pretty awesome. The only problem is the controls. It will take a while to get used to them .
HILARIOUS satire movie. So good. There's not a better thing to spoof than the fashion industry, and this movie does it perfectly .
Had some nice cool stuff u can do in the game like never b 4 but the game itself is junk!!!! So very disappointed with this game... I play my black ops 2 more than this game still! They could have done a way way better job on this game.. Black ops 2 is way way better than ghost .
This book was great. It had me holding my breathe and not wanted to walk away waiting to see what was going to happen. Can't wait for the next book to come out .
Loved it can't wait to ready the next book .
I really enjoyed this book! The first one was good and thus one even more. I can't wait to read the next one .
I can't keep away from these books! They are great and I'm thrilled and ready to read the next book to get the next piece of the puzzle .
I cannot walk away from this series! I love these books! They take my breathe away as I read! I can't wait to read the next piece .
I really enjoy reading these books! Great story than that keeps you hooked and wanting more. Drives me insane that they end in cliffhangers! However, you then can't wait to read the next book .
I never been so moved before, the more I read books from Konstantinos, the more developed my magical abilities become... Yes I know you cannot read a book and turn into Aliester Crowley over night, but by performing the rites and techniques you literally see and feel progress, these rites worked for me, and if it worked for me it will for those of you who desire magical development. I was a beginner before I read his previous book Nocturnal Witchcraft, I was also more interested in the left hand path, but once I read the book before I was even halfway done, I was already reaching spiritual and magical goals that I have been waiting years for... I'm am now a dedicated nocturnal witch training for my initiation (a year and a day) and this book gets more and more intense as well as my spiritual, and magical growth... Do not listen to any one who bad mouths this book or author, magic isn't for everyone, and people who have been in the occult for a while might be use to a different tradition, and might not be ready for nocturnal witchcraft... it is true, this book is a powerful book, and  will bring any beginner seeking more power up a notch... Take my word for it .
I have sympathy for all of the people you have given your misleading, and deceiving information to. You are a false prophet... You turn a truthful fact, that has been sacred and ancient and an influence to the holy bible, and you turn it in to a deceiving ego based oppinion to fit your own beliefs. Leave it to the church to twist and mold sacred truth and turn it in to something evil and wrong. My heart go's out to people that are blinded, and might not ever become awakened because of deceiving belief systems and false prophets .
Look I read this book, I even have it in my personal library... Yes there is a lot of information in this book, but this author is common for cramming important information in a 2 or 3 page chapter. It is poorly explained without nearly enough detail. Not only that this author is from Australia, and the rites and rituals in this book are explained with a different setting of elemental invokations. In the Northern hemisphere it's (East: Air, South: Fire, West: Water, North: Earth) while in the book it's different, and the rituals are so poorly explained I can't see any beginner having an understanding... There's a 2 page chapter on astral projection that is just ridiculous, she gives 1 technique explained in 3 sentences. How would any author expect a reader to understand, or even have success with a book written so poorly? She admits herself that her book of shadows is kept secret, and that is probably a good thing...Beginners this is not a good book to add to your collection. Try " Nocturnal Witchcraft, and Gothic Grimoire, by Konstantinos" "Grimoire for the Green Witch,  by Anne Moura" these books will boost your spiritual and magical growth, and is packed with so much more information that is explained with much detail, and is easily absorbed and put to use. Don't waist your money on books that won't be grasped .
Before watching the life of Brian episode I would of gave Season 12 a 5 star rating, I was intrigued by the New style of there episodes... I'v been a die hard Family Guy fan since Y2K, I bought all the episodes on Xbox live marketplace, and amazon Kindle, the reason I loved the show so much was because of Brian and Stewie together, the time travel episodes were the best... I would consider Seth McFarlen an artist, and I'm not going to jump the gun here, but it would be stupid to keep this Vinny character, it would ruin Family Guy for me and many other loyal fans... I really truly hope to see Stewie fix his time machine and save Brian... I honestly don't think I could keep watching family guy without Brian as a character .
It came in a little bit late but not too early too and i thought it might be bigger but its ok .
Good product but doesn't fit into the US plugs sometimes. I need few more but I'll try some other providers.Thanks .
The item in the box was as specified on amazon but I did not like it. Its gooseneck is too hard to operate. Its so hard that the clip which is holding the gooseneck slips if you try to adjust the gooseneck..It doesn't have to be so hard as its just going to hold a cellphone.Disappointed .
One of the screws of the mounting stand was broken. The gooseneck is too hard to bend.  I would not like it even if it was not broken as its too hard to adjust or bend the gooseneck.Go for it if you want a sturdy stand. But if you are looking for something which is soft to bend then this might disappoint you.Hope this helps you to make a decision.Thanks,kk .
this game is awesome, i remember playing it as a little kid and all the fun i had. It's not overly long but it's not too short .
I really thought it would be a nice tote bage.  It was nothing more than a cheap plastic bag that broke the first time my granddaughter used it.  Don't buy it .
Works just like they say! I was actually really surprised on how well they work. There is no possible way to tell they are different than normal sunglasses besides they're not that stylish. Satisfied .
These sunglasses work if you are looking in the same direction of the sun, however, if the sun is to the side of you it completely blind whatever eye is that way. For an example, if the sun is to the left of you, you can't see out of your left eye. Well you get what you pay for .
First of all, these gloves have a terrible bulkiness, making it hard to function the bike controls, and its just not comfortable. Also, they weren't warm enough for me. Wore them in 30 degree weather, for a 10 minute ride. My fingers were frozen! Would not suggest this for cold weather under 40 degrees .
I bought this as a present for my Mother who loves to go on walks, she is very pleased with the headphones. They keep in the ear perfectly even when jogging. They are very comfortable and sound great. Couldn't ask for more with the price .
I love this product, I used to to sew on a jacket of mine. That way I kinda look like Tron, the only thing is that the light is more blueish than green, but I like it that way. Green when off, blue when on!Edit, just FYI it is not water proof, learned that the hard way .
The rumble that it gives is a nice comfortable rumble and the volume does not need to be very loud. The sound quality is very impressive, not Bose quality, but better than I expected. The only thing that is bad about it is that the arm rests aren't very sturdy, as they keep coming loose every once and a while. But If you do as the warning stickers say and don't move the chair with the arm rests or get out of the chair using them, they will be in good hands .
This knife comes out very quickly and swiftly once you get the hand of it. I gave it to my friend as a gift and he didn't get the swing of it very quickly and cut his thumb a couple of times haha, but I had no problems with it. Survival of the fittest I guess .
LOVE IT!It is the most I have ever spent on a watch, but it was so worth every penny.The Analog syncs with the digital time that you set.Has glow in the dark analog, which i'm pretty sure it doesn't saw that in the review.Digital very easy to read, also easy to set and understand the watch programming.The only thing not good is the light. Can't read the digital with it, and doesn't light up evenly .
The product looks pretty good, looks like bacon. However when you put it in your mouth it feels like I am putting a plastic toy in my mouth. It isn't necessarily a bad taste, but neither is it a good taste .
Whenever plugged in, the converter either makes a repeating thumping noise in the audio, or a high pitched tone. I find it unbearable, that is why I give a 1 star .
I got this watch box obviously because it was cheaper, and it still had great reviews!Pros:-Sturdy-Fits my 47mm watch-Very nice lookingCons:-It looks really nice, the top is not glass like it says but it is a nice plastic that looks like glass.-My box did not come with a lock and key, which I did not expect, but I really wasn't going to use it anyways .
You can't tell from the pictures, but there is a glass case back, so you can see it work from behind too! Which I really like. Howver there is &#34;China&#34; on the back which is kind of dumb.I love almost everything about it except for the band.The band is very cheap, and it pulls at my hairs when I put it on. However, you can switch the band .
We are warned not to judge a book by its cover, but in this case we get an accurate taste of things to come when we see the hooded hunter and the anxious yet calculating expression of the hunted.However, the cover must leave out a good deal, like the strange death of her father on his farm in Sheparton, the finding of a possible ally and lover, and the help that comes from an unlikely source.In rating a book by the difficulty of putting it down and by the quality of its prose, I give Play or Die five stars on each. The pace of the action, the ingenuity of the pursued and the glimpse of life in a post-apocalyptic world are blended to into a believable whole. Jo flees and misleads her Hunter while contriving to find opportunities for sleep in those three-hour periods of grace when her co-ordinates are not being broadcast. She has to survive for five days .
Got them to go with my Halloween costume. They're nice, good material, fit my fingers well. I have kinda long fingers and there is some space so if you have small hands these might not be for you. I'll use them for more than Halloween for sure .
I'm 5'10" 174 curvy and I have a big butt and thighs. Brought a small/medium the only problem is my butt hangs out the bottom. I have spanks so it won't be a problem but if you're tall like me and have curves do the bigger size. But if you have a small waist do the small/medium. The material is nice as far as costumes go. Its soft, stretchy material. I also brought the leg avenue crop gloves, very nice and the whip thats in the pic. Love it tho .
I bought this for my new iphone, which was working perfectly fine. once i put this on my phone, all of a sudden i had no service anywhere i went.  I talked to my friend, who is a technology guru, and he told me it was because of the metal on the phone interfering with the radio on the phone. as soon as i took the case off, i had service everywhere again. DONT BUY THIS. although it look pretty cool .
If you like quality do not  spend the cash. I have 5 Birkin inspired bags, Which I bought from a number of suppliers. This one is definitely not BIG, like it says in the picture. The seams appear very poorly made for the price.I compared the inside, outside, size. strength, & quality. And I find it to be the same exact bag i bought on Ebay for $29.00, both bags looks just like leather. The Ebay bag has side rounded double bound seams on the outside. Otherwise, both bags were exactly the same. Only difference is one smells like leather and the ebay one has silver hardware and amazon had gold. I will give it 3 stars only because its leather.  I love Amazon and will continue to buy, but this one is not worth it .
Excellent.  Could not put it down.  Looking forward to reading the next two books in the trilogy.  This is a book that I was very hesitant to read  but glad I did because it is very good with a story behind it .
Thoroughly enjoyed the trilogy.  Could not put the book down. There is an interesting story within the book. A must read .
Very interesting.. An historic and present view of world megatrends with focus on their geographical position and potential conflictsI have not finished reading .
This was a ridiculous Item it doesn't work right you can not sew with these things.I have to return these items and I want my money back .
i have used these razors for years and will continue to as long as they are in production. I have burn scars (2nd degree) and makes it hard to shave,but with these i shave with no hassle at all .
I bought this as a Christmas gift for my brother and he loves it! would definitely recommend! no complaints so far .
i guess i should have read a little more on the description, but this kit looked like it had alot of cutting wheels and such, but really only has a few. the main item it has is sanding bits....i don't own a nail salon so i definitely don't need 50 sanding bits. but if that's what you're looking for then i would recommend this kit .
It's a plastic box.... That holds batteries. Can't Go wrong there! May even end up buying some more! Cleans up the junk drawer pretty well .
I've never had one like this before, but it works great! super easy to clean and work on. i would recommend this to anyone .
This Dremel has already been so much better than the other rotary tools that i have bought! the others fell apart within a few uses. this one seems durable and will hopefully never have to get another one, but if i do, it will definitely be a Dremel brand! you get what you pay for .
it is not exactly the same as a griffin box like i thought, but close. not as thick, which i like cause i can put it in my pocket much easier,but the rubber is really thin, making for less protection. but has worked good so far .
Bought this for the wife, because she couldn't find a women's without pink... she loves it and it keeps her warm on cool mornings in the woods .
sharp edges on the bar should have been rounded off a little. the sharp edges will cut your hand if you're not careful. but the tool does the job .
I don't see it on me kindly I need help now NOW now NOW now NOW now NOW now NOW now NOW NOW now NOW NOW now NOW now NOW now now NOW now NOW NOW now NOW now NOW now NOW NOW now NOW NOW .
I have found this book extremely interesting from the point of view of total lack of knowledge of what actually went on in Africa at that time and the very difficult conditions encountered by those who chose to venture into such an inhospitable continent. As if the conditions were not enough to contend with there were also the natives with their requirements in order to pass through "their land". Sounds a bit like how things are today!!! Having said that I found it written in the very much journalistic form rather than as a novel. I now note this was the purpose of the writing in general.All in all a very good and enlightening read .
Cosplay worthy pin, did meet all my expectations, only problem is that the pin falls of easily. Fast shipping in a ok box with no damage to product .
Beauty and beast collide within a female SPARTAN 3. She is not a child's toy.. these are for posing only! Her details are spot on. The molding is clean and her hands are smaller than most other Halo: Reach action figures. Making it easy to fit amything in her hand! Can be customized. Warning: Her hands and feet camn be broken off with slight neglect. Not for children.. the games aren't for children and the figures arent for children either! Over all she is a stunning addition to my collection, standing back to back with Kat they complement each others beauty and ferocity alike .
This game is a developing BETA preparing for final launch very soon. But that does not affect the quality!Pros:No Super Computer Needed: I play this game on an I3 with 2g Ram. The settings i have are set to Low, there is an ULTRA low.Bring a friend, this game is pure co-opThis game has a never ending war between hundreds of players at once, in land, air, armor, and mechanical beings on maps that are legitimately 250+ square miles across.There is no pressure to buy, you can obtain many things relatively quick.Amazing community: Concerned players, and teamwork. The players i have played with will often heal me, repair me, revive me, work with me, give me ammo, wait for me to get in vehicles, and have taught me tips and tricks with respect. They realize that assisting your comrade is better for you both in the long run, you want as many experienced and alive players with you when the big battles ensue.Men and Women come together in respect: TRUE respect, be you woman or man, the players (at least on Mathersson server) have treated me and mine with respect, just because she is a girl nobody has changed the way they treat her drastically, only for the better.NO WHINING LITTLE CHILDREN: You read that right, i have yet to run into a child in the game who whines or acts like the console community children. Even the kiddies who play the game know that respect is key to win.CONS:Crashes, a few bugs, and weapon "nerfing". In Beta stage the game crashes at least once a day, which up to now has not caused any damage to my account other than the vehicle i was in dissapearing. Bugs are present in more than one place. Weapons for many factions have been altered to attempt to balance the game but there is still a big margain to balance.Go big or go home: Planetside 2 can be played casually but the biggest battles last 2+ hours.Need a Fast Internet connection: At least 1 mbps.Game requires patience: Not for the 360 quick scope... the battles are such large scales they take time and strategy to accomplish. If you do not stick with your comrades you will get nowhere .
Not bad,but not that good.Cheap price and not bad quality.I like it. but  not so much.Recommand to the poor like me lol .
I just received the item today but the plug it is Type A useless to be use in my country then i went to hardware store to find the converter and the worst part is the pump is not working i am so unhappy .
These were so comfy! I had finally ordered these when I was 32 weeks pregnant, I regret not ordering them sooner .
This sucker was hard to put together (I seriously put the crib together much faster). It seems as though the pieces were too tight (I think I still have 2 screws that weren't put in, because there was no possible way to screw it in (in some places). My baby only used it the first 6 weeks (I know it's meant for the first few weeks), but if you're looking into a bassinet (buy one that is a playpen) it would be a smart buy .
I honestly love this bouncer, my feet can tell you otherwise... It definetly will not flop over because of the wide base. I've tripped many times with the base of it since it really sticks out. Other than some jammed toes, my daughter really seems to enjoy it, I would recommend buying! It's easy to assemble and the material can be quickly removed for a wash .
Beautiful and great quality Bassinet! I would have chosen 5 stars, but it was not the easiest thing to put together. I would definetly recommend this product .
Great price for this product. I still use the bassinet part for my 6 month old (since it's so spacious); I still have so much use for it. Don't bother buying another bassinet (I wish I had bought this product first), since my baby grew out of the other bassinet at 6 weeks :(. It was simple to assemble. I recommend this product .
My baby took to this bottle quick. I had no problems whatsoever. They did last long, I already have my baby on the 9 ounce bottle... I would definitely recommend buying .
I'm giving this item 3 stars because I do love this type of organization. Unfortunately, as soon as I got the package delivered I put it to use in my diaper bag, when I pulled them out (still the first day of having it) to show my husband, one of the tabs that hold the hook to the mesh pouch completely tore off &#128544; (so the hook was clipped to the ring without the pouch). I didn't overpack it at all. I didn't want to go through the hassle of taking everything out and returning it, so I'm just thinking of keeping it (I will contact the seller to see if they'll send me one replacement pouch, if possible... If not, then I will return it). I think it's a bit overpriced for something like this to happen .
I love thisproduct! It is so stylish and pretty! The material is not thick at all... So it can be used for winter an spring .
Very stylish! You can fit at most 4 cards (tightly) in the case. Doesn't really protect anything when dropped... But it is nice and I would definitely order it again .
It was simple to assemble and light weight. The only down fall: you have to be careful in how you pack it in the vehicle or where you put it (I thought I was careful), but when it came to taking it out for use (the back part of where the baby sits) curved in (toward the back of my baby) and so did the flap at the bottom of the stroller (where things are stored), also the storage at the bottom (it's hard to fit anything in there. I don't leave it in my vehicle (so it couldn't have been because of the Texas heat). But other than this, I like the stroller. Since there were no reviews when I bought this, I took my chances... If I can go back, I would have bought another one that I was looking into .
good.. but  my daughter hates it. T^TI didn't know what to do&#12619;&#12619; &#12622;&#12622; &#12636;&#12636;Thank you very much .
I bought this for my grandson, age 7 1/2. Not a great reader, he would much prefer to use his Kindle for game playing. However, after a brief chat about the protagonist of this book, he settled down to actually READ it, and was soon engrossed. I read the book prior to gifting it, and found it delightful, fun, engaging and smile-producing, without a touch of sanctimoniousness .
As a lover of fairytales and legends, I found this book to be both fascinating and frustrating. I know I shall have to reread it at least two more times before I understand all the nuances, innuendos and references. However, that didn't stop me from enjoying the stories and progression of the book .
Since I bought this for a Halloween costume, I didn't have any great expectations. It looked synthetic and some of the hair had gotten twisted in the bag so that it ended in a flip rather than turned under. The snood was obviously cheap and didn't want to stay on the wig without a couple of large bobby pins (not a problem). I was able to make it look more respectable (for me, an 'older Cleopatra') by shaking it in a bag with baby powder. That dulled the plastic look and gave it a bit of gray. I would never have purchased this were I looking for a human-hair looking wig, but for what I wanted it for, it worked .
Set up was very easy, but the instructions didn't mention that there is a tiny switch that controls the fountain. When I first set it up I thought it wasn't working because there was barely any flow from the top. Only after I rewashed all parts did I discover the tiny 3-position switch .
I have no problems with it, it is very good keeps from anybody going in its perfect I would recommend it to anybody .
Now when someone questions or still kinda doesn't understand I can show them the bronies documentary. Hopefully it kinda gives an inside look .
Remembering can be a awesome thing especially if you sometimes feel like you can't remember. Its almost new again, if that makes any sense .
Five Stars For Amazon Rekindling That Fire That Netflix Tryed To Extinguish (in my eyes) This ain't an unbiased review at all ima DIE Hard Rugrats Fan .
She Really Talks To Anyone Who Is Listening. I Like Her Lifestyle Of Just Not Caring. I Recommend This To Anyone Whose A Fan Of The Punk Princess Avril Lavigne .
This was my first brony shirt and I honestly couldn't have been more pleased. Since this is #1 it's almost like anything else I get has to measure up. What a way to start .
Let's not just create something to sell toys again lets add plot & background. Why not right ? What's the worse that can happen . . . You mean whats the best that can happen. A Huge Fandom That likes the show so much that they create music , art , games , OCs and or episodes. Lauren Faust herself said she thought people were gonna hate it and think it was dumb. She said every week after the next new episode premiered she waited each week for some sort criticism. Waiting for some hate that never came. Lauren Faust took a chance. I think they really did something right. No I KNOW .
Seen the show heard the music admire the art so why not play the games. I probably shouldn't have because I can't stop playing .
In this case I agree, the first season of my little pony was the best and I'm pretty sure anyone else would agree THAT they shouldn't/couldn't have done it any other way. Which would make people wonder how they are gonna attempt to try to live up with the huge success of the first season. Well just ask the fans how they did. From the beginning of it to the end of it. Boy did they do it up right. I love every single last episode and then there are ones you can't live without .
First of all its welovefine so the fabric is not dumb (sweetie belle joke) duh. Second has anyone actually seen her cause every time she appears she disappears . . . Dang Wizard xD .
I got nearly nothing but positive things to say about MLP:FiM. The only down part is when season 3 ended Lauren Said &#34;That's not the direction I would have taken the show&#34;. So That's always made me wonder how she would have done it. And what if (hypothetically speaking) when she left the show, Hasbro said dnt worry you gave us a winner a sure money maker we'll fill your pockets. I can only imagine that to her it wasn't about the money not even close .
I love this coffee!  I love that I can have it shipped right to my door, no need to go to the store .
It is marvelous! I could never find such a bag in Europe. It is very elegant, very spacious, very good quality. I have already tested it in planes and it suits perfect for business travel. Everyone is complimenting me for it .
I bought this for my husband on Christmas and h ha played it everyday for a month so it must be pretty great considering he had never even heard of it .
My toddler loves the look of the icon and always wants to play &#34;magic dog&#34;. Once he gets on he gets very frustrated. Nothing is straight forward and he has never been able to play a whole game. I can't even figure how to open some parts .
The phases don't go in order so if you are not paying attention right before you begin, you can't tell what phase you are on. You can't pause to find out either. Very confusing and not like the real card game .
This is an ok read if you are bored. It is Short. Not good if you want something interesting or imaginative .
bought this so he could turn the screen if kindle and drive his &#34;car&#34;. there's no turning at all. just a straight road. it's horrible and he won't play it cause it bores him .
I love thus game and play it often, but it is not fair at all. It gives you way to long to answer the puzzle. It's like a minute for each player. If I can't get in soon I just press &#34;give up&#34; because I think it's a cheat to take so much time .
My son plays this game all the time. He loves Umizoomi. He has all the badges and trophies for the first two levels on here, but the others will not unlock. I don't know how many times you have to replay the same two games, but now he's had it for months and is sick of it because it's just to long to wait for something else to happen .
My three year old is addicted to this game. He loves it and plays every chance he gets. I don't like the blood, considering his age, but apparently it's not to hard. Though he has spent a few hours on one level .
The component RGB YPbPr to HDMI converter v1.3 HDCP HDTV Fails to work. I got the right cords. not AV which I want to work... Nope I got green, blue, red, white, red. and oh hey guess what NO SIGNAL. Is it me or does the RGB cord for ps3 work for ps2? If so Then Yeah Faulty Product .
The hole in the bead is so small my size 12 needle couldn't even pass through twice without breaking the bead in half. This happened on numerous beads .
Don't water your time and money on this POS. Average lifespan in these heater seem to be 2 weeks to 3 months. I bought two of the 300w for my breeding rack and one has already quit altogether and the other other is about 15 degrees off. I will never buy anything from AquaTop again. Junk products from a junk company .
Regular DSlite. Came with what was described. Took a while for it start a game and was dusty. God bless canned air. Stylus falls out from time to time since it's not the original .
Works like it should. Really neat and compact just the way they're suppose to be when you got no desk space .
Works. Just make sure you download the latest codes from codejunkies as it does not come preloaded with up-to-date codes .
All around nice case. Looks good and feels good. Very nice cfm fan on the front and bright blue led was a good touch. Only bad thing was that it came with the power button damaged. No worries as that was an easy fix .
Pros: Can be used as an AP, Router, or Repeater. 4 SSID's (Guests) and option to limit bandwidth. Rang far exceeds expectations which was my MAIN issue :). Easy to use GUI and to updates are easy and painless to install.Cons: LED indicator lights aren't as bright but not a big issue.Other thoughts: Using it as an Access Point linked up to original router via Powerline. Signal is great as I can reach it from the opposite side of a split level house as well as the basement. The GUI itself is really easy to navigate and self explanatory if you've never done that sort of thing before. 4 ssids are awesome to seperate the kids if one only reads books online or when playing games. Not the best router for streaming HD video but we had 5 devices with youtube going at 720p there were no issues. So far so good I say. If you're looking for something cheap and it works this is it .
PRO: Does everything you need it to. Powerlines are a great alternative to wireless networking as long as your electric circuitry isn't all screwed up and they are paired. Great data rates :)CONS: Being in a split level house doesn't help this device at all. Reason why I took a star off is that it drops being paired once a week and is very annoying. Tested with another location with only one floor and the issue still remained.Other thoughts: I like it and I don't mind re-pairing it from time to time. Just wished I didn't have to do that but otherwise it's awesome .
Gameboy was a mess! All dirty and scuffs all over it..a BIG let down...wanted to return and could not..bought as a gift also but it ended up being a double gift..so now I'm stuck with a messed up gameboy also has no sound .
I love this item...have fixed several of my CD's, DVD's & grandkids games with it. Love the fact that you can either use batteries or electric (not included) adapter .
My daughter is seven.  She is quite big for her age.  She is tall and quite plump in areas.  Furthermore, I bought this in a size large thinking it would be perfect because that's what she's in right now.  Unfortunately, it is a little snug, but she loves the color.  It's not too bad .
I really love purple so I knew this was for me and the fact that it was only $6 made me even happier.  I dropped my phone once and it had no scratches or damage, except for on the case.  This product is great so far .
This is a replacement for an earlier model of the same unit that had developed a problem that could not be repaired. Amazon was recommended by a factory representative as a place to purchase the product .
Love it works like it should. Had it a few months now run and workout with no problems.Would refer it to a friend .
At first did know what to do with it or how to take apart. Till i read infro on it toke it apart slide note 3 in worked like a charm. No problems with anything .
This book was sooo good!! I couldn't believe all these twists and turns. I can't wait for part 2!! Hurry up .
One of the valve leaks air . Won't stop, only when I put the valve cap on. Checked it a week after it still leaje whem I remove cap .
Excellent delivery service, product arrived before expected, and the leash tape is a very bright, visible-in-evening yellow. However, unlike the product description states, the leash housing (what you hold onto) is not reflective, it's just silver and shiny. And unlike with my other Flexi leashes, this one has no 1-2ft. non-retractable extension hanging out; i.e. when your dog is standing next to you, this leash still "pulls," while other Flexi leashes have 1-2ft of limp leash that won't retract into the housing. That's a great thing because the leash goes slack (and doesn't pull on him or your hand/arm) when your dog is right next to you at a crosswalk or whatever.  Still, this is a great safety leash for evening walking. Just wish the housing itself was bright and reflective. I bought two of these leashes and I've received comments on them from passersby. Most importantly, at night cars can see that your dog is ON a leash .
I'm currently reading this as a book club choice and not enjoying it at all. Maybe because (luckily) I'm not in a position to understand the trials and tribulations of dealing with a sick old parent. I felt the author whined constantly and showed her worst side in this book. In parts she almost seemed mean to her mother. I'm not sure which parts people were reading that were humorous. I certainly haven't found them. Utterly depressing and dull. I don't think I'll finish it, which is almost unheard of for me! Looking forward to hearing what my fellow bookclub members think .
This was a costume for a school project. We actually used it for Amerigo Vespucci. It's small on the sizing though. Stitching on the back of the top came undone straight away and I don't think my repair will hold for many more wears as the fabric is very flimsy. But not hugely expensive and if you're not creative and need a quick and easy costume, then it's ideal .
Excellent earpiece and Mic! Hearing is very clear and talking through Mic is also clear no problems what so ever .
My wife gave me a Kindle Fire for Christmas, and I installed the Facebook app then before reading the reviews.  I encountered the same issue with the news feed as the others.  Disappointed, I uninstalled, and just browsed to Facebook.Tonight, I decided to try it again, and was pleased to see that the bug is fixed, and the app now works properly.  I decided to write this review, so others won't think it is still broken without trying it .
This book is a must read. It is just perfect! My first book by this author and she didn't disappoint .
I don't usually write reviews on books, but this one was so good I wanted to share it with everyone! It is a must read! It's a mystery/romance. My kind of book .
I bought this so we wouldn't keep breaking our Corelle dinner plates. We usually make our bacon in the microwave, it's a lot faster and easier. I use paper towels with this, two on the bottom and one on top, just like I always do. I like it but I don't think it does anything special. It is very easy to clean, with the paper towels it hardly even gets greasy. I will use it for a few months and update again .
I bought two of these and I love them! I bake meatloaf and bread and basically everything I can think of in these pans. I make supper for two people so these are the perfect size. And I can wash them with my dishrag and don't have to scrub and scrub to get them clean. Defiantly nonstick and I will be buying more of Faberware Bakeware. Just love it .
These sunglasses are so dark they are impossible to wear. They have a great price, they came in one piece even if shipping took forever, but just not worth the money. I will NOT be buying them again .
I want to like it so much, but I just can't do it. It is way too bulky. It is 6 1/4 inches wide and 8 3/4 inches long, in my opinion that is just way too bulky. I really need it so I am going to keep it, since I always get yelled at that there is no toilet paper. I will update in a few months if it rusts or anything changes .
I needed another $1 for an add-on-item and these weren't even worth the $2 I spent. They are extremely thin elastic, they do not last at all. I have some Elastics of the same brand I bought at Walmart and these don't even come close to that. I hate them .
I don't usually take the time to write reviews on books, but on this one I had to make an exception. I absolutely loved this book. It was different and very interesting. I can't really find the words to describe the way I feel about this book, but this is kinda the way I felt about this book, it wasn't the best book I have ever read, but I couldn't seem to stop reading. If I had a minute at work I would be reading, and every other minute I had free I would be reading it. I would absolutely recommend this book to everybody, I don't agree with the one star ratings, yes at times the writer should have explained better, but that is why you have an imagination. It was such a good plot that I didn't mind having to use my imagination at times .
I recently received this razor for free from Gillette to try and I must say it is amazing. The handle is very durable and solid and it has the perfect shape. It does not constantly fall out of my hand while shaving. It will certainly not break unlike the cheap dollar store razors that I was using. I would recommend you try this great razor .
I received this razor for free from Gillette, it was such a nice surprise. This razor has five extra thin blades. I have to shave in the evenings otherwise my face and head get razor burns and such, I tried to shave in the morning with this razor too, but I still got razor burns. So if you are a morning shaver it might not work that well for you, but I highly recommend you try it for yourself. It is a five star razor for me!! I am officially going to use Gillette Fusion Proglide Manual razors! I shave my entire head and face every other day and the blades last me for a month or so. Overall great razor this is a must try .
I love this organizer! It is a bit bulky but that doesn't bother me at all. I have mine filled to the max and it is still intact. Like 25oz bottles of shampoo and conditioner, I didn't think it could hold anything that heavy but so far it  is doing just that, there a multiple heavy bottles in this, at least 5. If anything changes I will update my review .
I got the Haute Metal. It has a nice color and if you practice putting the polish on you can get it almost perfect, not too thick but not too thin. I used a dark red for my base color and it looks awesome. Will defiantly be buying more .
I bought this so there would be no more clutter on our fireplace, 8 sets of keys and mail, just gets to be too messy. So I decided to buy this even after reading some of the reviews. There is a small gap, but so far I haven't had anything fall through the gap. We have it hanging right next to the door and it looks great .
I am looking for something to make a nice, but easy bun. Unfortunately this is not it! I tried to use it am it snapped into pieces before is even got to try it out. I emailed the company about it before I wrote a review, they did say they would send me another one, but they never did. So I'm going to recommend this to NO ONE! Please buy one that actually haas a chance at working, this is just thin cheap plastic. Yes it is cheap enough I didn't ask for a refund, but they shouldn't sell something that doesn't work .
Great baking cups, but they bleed. After I baked my cupcakes there was hardly any pink left on them, but lucky me, there was some on my new cupcake pan. I will not be buying them again .
The polish is okay but the color is not nice at all. I have a lot of pink and red polishes, but this one just is not very nice at all. It does shatter nicely if you apply just the right amount .
I love my old sketchers that I paid $60 for, they are about 5 years old with daily wear. They are still wearable with no tears or anything. The only reason I had to have another pair, I wore them while I was working in a kitchen for about 7 months and they are just filthy now. I have also washed them in a machine at least a dozen times. Now I use them for running shoes. I found this pair on amazon for $39.99-at Black Friday. They are hardly worth that money. They look and feel shorter in the front, a lot of the reviews say order a half size bigger, I am now regretting not listening to the reviews. If you are buying a pair on here please consider doing that. Comparing them to my other Sketcher D'Lites they come up way short in my expectations. They are cheaper for a reason. They don't even look as pretty as the ones you look at in stores.  I will update my review in a few months, right now they are a 3 stars to me, if that .
I got this 3-in-1 Gillette Fusion Proglide Styler to try for free via a program run by Gillette. I was excited to try this styler. I can nicely trim my beard and goatee with this trimmer. It is a breeze with this trimmer. it is the perfect size for me to trim. I get a perfect shape every time. There is one thing I don't like, and that is because the hair clogs up everything and it takes quite a while to clean them, but for a trimmer this great it doesn't bother me too much.  I would defiantly recommend this to everyone who is looking for a great trimmer. I can shave and trim my goatee with out taking another three razors in my hand. I can do it all with one styler .
I received this from Influenster to try for free. I liked it but I did not love it. I does make your teeth somewhat whiter but it leaves a weird taste and feeling in my mouth. It is also a bit pricy. I would recommend it to friends, but I don't think I will buy any for myself, but I am very picky when it comes to toothpaste. So it could just be me .
DO NOT BUY!!! It worked for exactly 3 days!!!!! It doesn't even get that hot. It might be cheap buy it really sucks, the light still goes on. It gets slightly warm on high about every other time I turn it on, and the rest of the time I does nothing!! I'm so disappointed .
These are very inexpensive and easy to use. They worked for me. You just have to make sure you only get the tip wet and nothing more or you might not be able to read the results .
The &#34;stainless steel&#34; is coming off of the four small spice jars and they are NOT air tight at all, not even remotely air tight. The canisters are very difficult to close and not airtight either. I would defiantly not buy these again. I would recommend paying a little more and actually get something for your money. These canisters were not made to use, they are for decorations.  I wish I had listened to the other bad reviews, they are telling the truth .
I read some reviews that said it's comparable to the otterbox, and it is absolutely not!  If your talking on the phone for more then a minute the extremely hard plastic part over the camera hurts. Whoever compared it to an otterbox has obviously never owned one, they might be expensive but they are well worth the money. This one I paid under $5 for it and it was not even worth that much .
I would not get this book even it was free it is weird and just plain awful. I got it for free and I will no be deleting it .
I LOVE this. It is just too funny! I gave this to my fianc&eacute; for a stocking stuffer at Christmas. He saw this in pictures a few times and thought he just had to have one. I told him to make sure he never tells anyone from who he got it from since it is a little inappropriate, but very funny .
Best album I have bought in a while! I am definitely glad I made this purchase, you will not regret purchasing this album .
Fantastic read, the ending especially powerful. Reading the story through that particular point of view lends a voice to someone who is not lost. This book was absolutely breathtaking .
Phenomenal love story. So real and relatable, not cheesy at all. One of the best young adult novels I have ever read .
Too meandering, the family too fabulous. Not enough drama between her an  Skandar. There needs to b,, more drama in the book .
You won't be able to put the book down.  A must read. Should be required  of all high schools. Amazing .
Great read. Not too graphic and the depiction of the land was breathtaking.  Lorna was a sweet heroine. Loved it .
My baby is 11 old months and 3 weeks. He couldn't feet anymore in the last car seat it was very uncomfortable for him that he is a little told guy. The recaro Prosport is very easy to put on the car. My baby looks great with the red color he looks great and he sleeps comfortable. In my car looks amazing is very good quality, safe and easy to buckle .
Bill's book showed a lot of insight to what goes on, not only on the track but also behind the scenes. Followed him from his early days till his "retirement". Once again, thank you Awesome Bill From Dawsonville (and family .
Shipped right away had no problems, the description said it had a few scratches but everything is like new ! Have had no problems with it at all. Just a great buy overall. Would but again from this seller .
Looks really fake I: It's far too shiny, it just didn't match up well. Darker than I thought it would be .
This is not the first kindle book that i have purchased where the spelling errors and wrong word substituted has been dreadful.  Perhaps its just me, but I think the amount of typos in kindle books reflect the quality of the product delivered,as for the story - i have purchased book 4 - only because I like to finish a series once started.  It was a nice waste of time to read the series but i really started to be annoyed with the &#34;top of the tallest mountain&#34;, &#34;colder than the coldest night&#34;, &#34;bigger than any monster ever seen before&#34;.  For mine that is a cop-out on providing a meaningful description - and it is descriptions that keep the reader entertained.  The characters had potential however they never really strayed from being good, bad or hero .
I really liked this cook book and I thinkit had some great recipes in it for females looking to lose some lbs. I love some of the fish dishes they have in here and they really came out good when cooked them. Also glad that this was not published by the loser Teresa Jew-d-chay...lol .
This has helped my shoulder pain subside whenever I take the pills. I am taking the maximum dose and although I do not take them every day they work when I consume them. I have not found any joint pills that have helped me s much as these have .
These razor blades are so much better price here than I was buying for at my local store. I love these razors as they give me the closest shave with no abrasions or red marks afterwards. They also last me a long time since I only shave once a day .
These champion mesh are so much better than the mesh champion shorts from years ago. They are very roomy and have perfect length to them. Not too long or too baggy. The pockets are good too since they are not bulky and feel like they are making your hips look wider. They hold a good deal of stuff and nothing falls out either. I will be buying more pairs soon I'm sure with diff colors .
I used to buy cellaplex from Costco but it was $39 per bottle. I found this 3 pack deal for so much cheaper! This is great since it allows me to consume the most potent dose and not hurt my wallet at all .
Bought this for my girl for Halloween and it fit just like the picture advertised. The wet look material looked really hot and the way the suit stretched to match her curvy body was amazing. I was hoping these suits were legit and not some cheap polyester but they were nice and stretchy so the spandex was perfect. My wife is 5'4 and 125 lbs with D cups so the small was HOT on her .
This storage box is not big but just perfect for jewelry and such. The box looks very good only desk and does not stand out looking odd like others boxes I have had. The craftsmanship on the box is very good I feel .
This was the perfect gift for my friend who can Not stand Obama and his dictatorship...lol...my friend will be whipping his rear with all of the chief's facial assets....classic .
At first this shirt was good but after washing a few times it lost the tightness and did not fit as well. I will be returning this shirt for a refund unfortunately .
I am not sure why other reviews say this is not what was pictured because I got exactly what was pictured. The skirt was nice and shiny and fit tight. It had some give to it so it allowed me to move without constricting. Quality material too so pleased with that as well .
I bought this retail model and after 2 weeks it died on me. I was not happy at all so luckily I could return it. I went and bought the Airfloss Dental Pro Model since it said it was a lot better. Well I am happy to report that the dental pro model is still working fine after 3 months. The battery life on the pro model is better too from what they said. That's being said it worth the extra money .
Revagin face cream did the job in erasing almost all the little lines and wrinkles I had around my eyes and mouth. I did not have deep lines so the improvement was not drastic but enough for me to notice and since these lines bothered me I am so happy .
This doubly shirt was very form fitting and the material is super soft and pliable. I like the contour of the neck and the length of the body is longer so it does not ride up on me .
I am not finished reading it yet and I already know that this book will be one of my refer back to share a chapter with a friend.It is a great faith builder book .
Thank you James Fraser.I found the teaching an answers on creamation. I was thinking of being cremated. Well it won't work for me.because I love the Lord.an also I was looking at it for all the wrong reasons.I am so glad that the Lord has worked with me to look for knowledge an prayer before I do anything. THANK U .
I am still waiting for this cord, It has been well over a month and i still haven't received it so how am i suppose to rate it. I am not pleased with your service .
My wife bought this for our first born. It's magical. The vocals are amazing, the songs are beautifully arranged, the lyrics are sweet and the melodies are wonderful. We put it on every night for the little one and I can't recommend it enough .
My wife and I both agreed that the best actor in this film was the dog. Having said that, he was an exceptionally gifted dog actor, so it's swings and roundabouts.Plus points: The action sequences are brilliant. Really good, and have much better pacing than in the book where they are somewhat ponderous and muddy in the detail. Also, some of the more laborious bits of the book are left out, so when it does eventually get going (after about the first 70 minutes), it's pretty good.Minus points: The lead guy is a muchness. The lead guy's dad/guardian is cold and unlikeable, pretty much binning the character from the book. The woman playing number six has something of a "Mid-Pacific" accent, veering between Australia and the US on a sentence-to-sentence carousel of linguistic wonderment. The whole of the first hour is pretty dull. I was going to say terrifyingly dull, but that romanticises it somewhat - it's just dull.But there is enough going on to keep you interested. Don't read the book first though - I guarantee you'll be disappointed .
THIS IS SO AWESOME! THE MOST FEARED GOD CARD IS NOW A LEGITIMATE TOURNAMENT PLAYABLE CARD! This is a MUST buy for anybody who is a fan of Yu-Gi-Oh. It came in MINT condition! Nothing better to ask for .
There were many inconsistencies and impossibilities in this movie. And the alien looked like a bad Halloween costume. If the alien is sort of the main focus it should at least be done well. I would never watch this again. Waste of time .
I usually don't write reviews, but this book was just that good! It kept my attention the entire time and I finished this book in one sitting because I could not put it down. Great book and cant wait for the next in the series .
As of right now the game quality for the PC is terrible. When you can actually get the game to run and finish a game (which is very rarely), the game play is fun and graphics are great but out of the 10 games I played last night I only finished two. The rest of the games ended with generic "something went wrong" messages. I am very disappointed in the quality and I am frankly tired of game producers rushing their release dates for shoddy game play. However as I speak new patches are coming in everyday to better the server issues, and as I mentioned before the game, when functional, is fun and worth the $60.00. What you would be getting at this point in time isn't worth $20.00. My advice would be to wait for Black Friday and get a better price and hopefully by then, a better product following all the up coming patches. Really wish I would have waited instead of pre-ordering .
the charger slot doesn't fit the charger, so I have to take it off the phone every time I need to charge it .
Bought this item for use when running, Velcro sticks well as have bought one before and it came undone as running but this one is good. Good size for my arms which are not skinny (but not fat either), fits tight around phone so good for listening to music as running. In general, this is a good product, which worths for money .
The boots are absolutely beautiful.  I bought a size 8M (my true size), and the zipper wouldn't go up all the way....I have other boots no problem....thought ok, I'll try an 8W  still no luck, this is definitely for a SMALL calf....boohoo .
I was looking for something new to read a while back and I just happend to find thie fated saga series I could not stop reading it is so great and after I was done with book 1 and found that there were many I was so happy it is an amazing series I recoment it to everyone .
You paid $10 for a polo?  Guess what you got?  A $10 polo!  Not the best quality, not the worst .
It's absolutely terrible. It leaves spots on your teeth and it's painful. My teeth hurt for days afterwards. Do not recommend .
I really liked the zipper on the side and the velcro on the other. I have bad hips so bending over to try and get my feet into other boots is hard. But with these i can just slip in the side and with a quick zip be ready to go. I would highly reccomend to anybody whos not very flexible or has joint problems because of how easy they are to put on and take off .
I was kind of disappointed with this card stock.  It is not as smooth as the Neenah Super Smooth White card stock and you can't blend alcohol markers as well, but it works just fine for digi stamps using colored pencils .
One of the best records ever made. If you don't own it then stop reading reviews and just buy it .
The brim was not as firm as I would have liked it to be but really nice hat and comfortable .
Not my favorite, but still awesome and pretty amazing considering their age and the fact that they hadn't been a band in over 30 years .
Cord did not work. Wasn't worth the shipping to return it. I plugged it in.....nothing. Finally got another cord and it worked fine .
I loved this book.  I see it as a true love story.  It made me believe that good men and people exist. This give the message that you are never really alone. I will recommend to my book club as book of the month. Congras  and a very good read .
I LOVED FLECHER/BREEZE. IT WAS FUNNY HOW HE WAS TRYING TO FIGHT FOLLOWING IN LOVE AND I LOVED HOW SHE HANDLED HIM.  SHE INITIALLY NOTICE HIS PROBLEM AND NEW HOW TO HELP HIM DEAL WITH IT AND HE NEEDED SOMEONE, BUT WOULD NEVER REALIZED IT UNTIL HE MEET HER .
Love this game! Very fun! Have it on my kindle fire hd, good graphics. Just wish character cards didn't cost so much .
When I click on friends and gifts, the box pops up to enter my character name. Can't get to my friends or collect my gifts. Fix these issues and I would give this game five stars, I do really like the game .
I came across this game online while ordering another game and had never heard of it.  It had great reviews so I decided to try it out.  We were really pleasantly surprised by how entertaining and educational it is!!Try it for all ages!!  Makes great family fun .
It has a selection of different sounds so it doesn't get boring.  My daughter uses it to help her fall asleep and she finds it really calming and soothing .
I ordered this dvd for my car since it had a decent rating.  It doesn't work properly.  First of all it takes a long time to start playing a disc and then it gets stuck for no reason.  I put in new dvds that definitely weren't scratched and still had the same problem of taking a few minutes till it started playing and then it constantly stops in middle.  These problems are from the beginning it never worked properly.  I'm also upset because I spent a lot also to install it into my car.Do not buy this product unless you are looking to through out your money .
This is a great little recipe book for soups there isn't very many but the ones that are there are all reusable .
Comfortable and stylish. Good to wear for casual or dressy. Good fit and height. The incline is comfortable and doesn't cause any pain during wear. The height of the heel is about 2 3/4 inches and was perfect for me (5' 4&#34;) so I could pair them with a long maxi dress. I would highly recommend these, especially for those who want more height but are not used to wearing heals .
I was a little weary that it wouldn't be able to blend ice or would burn out.I've had it for a little over 2 months now and its great, I love that I can just screw on the top and take it to go.Love it .
The quality isn't great, but that is to be expected for the price.I like it mainly for the case and all the smaller brushes it comes with for eyeshadows and lips, etc.The face brushes are not soft.I'm not a huge makeup fanatic but I could tell the quality wasn't great.Fast shipping though and as not bad considering the price .
I like this shirt- however I was expecting a lighter weight material (probably my own fault for not reading the description throughly though!) This is a medium weight cotton material.I really like it though- the fit is loose and the quality is excellent. Just to note the pink logo- writing is shimmery! Again not what I was expecting, but I like it! Under Armour is always a great choice .
Perfect height as well. I have no worries of my keyboard falling. Did not come with instructions but I figured it out .
I liked this product. It's a good product and a great gift. My friend had been complaining all year long about how he can't drink beer and play Call of Duty at the same time. Well guess what I got him for Christmas .
If the SF series we watch these days would leave this much for the audience to wonder, not to tell them everything that will happen in the cliche storyline in the pilot already, then I would say the good science-fiction is what we watch. &#34;After&#34; does just that, leave parts of the plot to the viewer and in the same time makes the show much more suspenseful and much more interesting than it would be if the same old cliche storyline is served over and over again.Acting in the first half of the pilot is great, further in the pilot some things are slightly illogical, (they all born on the same date ended on the same parking lot?) but in general this is very good pilot which by atmosphere reminds on the first (and so far the best) season of &#34;Walking dead&#34;. I would really like for the series to continue so that we can see what's hidden and what is that screenwriters left for us to discover.Recommend to all, but mostly to CW and SyFy screenwriters, because this is how you make an SF series and not that corn stuff we watch on those networks .
It doesn't. Work  do not buy this company is liar.warning don't buy products Tom this company  I repeat do not buy .
I am very pleased with the phone case. The price is excellent. I shopped around before purchasing and I didn't even see a fraction of the options I saw on this site and what I saw was 5 times the price I paid here .
I loved this book and can't wait for part 2. Please get it out for the readers as soon as possible .
I loved 1-10...now I need book 11. Please let me know when it will arrive. I can't wait to read more .
Where or how do I find the next book....The Playmaker?????? I can't find it. Please help. I enjoyed the first one ALOT .
This product was not satisfactory at all. Sound was so bad that I had to return it. I would certainly not recommend this item to anyone. I was very disappointed in this particular cassette recorder. However Amazon did handle the return so well.  Very efficient. Don&#34;'t order this item .
Cool awesome story loving great fondness for the others were not the only one that could help them with their own way to get out of the problems in this story .
I hate it!! It's way to hard for me. The last game I played was even better looking at poo!!!!! FLAPPY BIRD SHOULDN'T HAVE LEFT THE APPSTORE EVER .
I have very fine hair and this is a great product that does not weight my hair down. LOVE IT .
the ears break way to fast and the case is just way to cheap don't buy it .
it was so hard to put on in the shower and everything it good doe it doesn't give me any problems .
i finally put this on my car and i love how it looks i looks amazing not going to lie .
best cover up ever helps my face and it doesn't burn when i put it on my face lol sadly after i got i missed place it so i hard to order another one -___- .
it okay what else ccan i say it just a clear case on the ipad nothing big for me .
love the case it protects my laptop alot i have drop it a couple of times and had my dog who thinks he weight 10 pounds but really 40 walk all over my laptopl and it still works and nothing is broken i love the little stands it has in the back that makes it better for me to type when im doing homework .
i haven't gotten it in yet but i can tell already that i willl love this case !!1! :D :D :D .
If I have to pay for it, it should be the whole book, not bits and pieces of the book .
I'm a home remodeler I use the floor nailer often enough to be able to tell you it's good, I don't recommend it to anyone using it on a daily basis .
Again, a beginner so I don't speak for quality but they work just fine! They did seem to come loose but I don't know if that's just a trait of cheap boots .
I'm pretty new to boarding, so I can't speak for this board's quality, but for a beginner, can't get better lol .
This digital dash I's a ripoff stare OK but after is complete messed up. Do I do not recommended to no body .
After going through FIVE Lifeproof cases (insane!), I finally tried the Catalyst + Survivor case. Overall I was happy with the case; the design, screen protector, and audio quality were excellent. BUT, there is one major flaw, the plastic that covers the camera lens completely blurs all of your photos. I have tried 2 different cases, both with the same problem. So unfortunately I cannot recommended this case to anyone who takes lots of photos with their iPhone.I hope Griffin will fix this issue, because it's a great waterproof case otherwise .
This effort put forth by the author clearly involved her soul and I highly recommend this to anyone who feels afraid to follow their heart. This book is raw and honest to the core. It leaves no stone unturned in telling one person's journey to the other side of the world with only herself as her guide. The lessons within can be applied to any journey no matter if its Singapore or to that next job interview down the street. It teaches courage, self confidence and realization of oneself. In it is found internal struggles that all humans face when taking any kind of leap to where they want to be. It tells us how to make something out of nothing. Not everyone will succeed but we all must try. In that we will be satisfied .
This effort put forth by the author clearly involved her soul and I highly recommend this to anyone who feels afraid to follow their heart.  This book is raw and honest to the core.  It leaves no stone unturned in telling one person's journey to the other side of the world with only herself as her guide.  The lessons within can be applied to any journey no matter if its Singapore or to that next job interview down the street.  It teaches courage, self confidence and realization of oneself.  In it is found internal struggles that all humans face when taking any kind of leap to where they want to be.  It tells us how to make something out of nothing.  Not everyone will succeed but we all must try.  In that we will be satisfied .
I am 12 years old and my friend and team mate has the bat and one day he hit the ball really good and it hit the top of the fence but it was not a homer but it was close and today he did the same type of hit and it bounced of the guys mitt and rolled under the fence and the person who played outfield did not put his hand in the air so he ran all the way in and it was a run.But if you would like to know the details it has grate grip it looks super good it is legal for all tournaments and it is all composite it's one of the best bats I know and a another good bat is the Easton that is black and yellow don't know the name but it's in my wish list if u are interested in it .
buen producto muy calientito y no pesa de excelente tama&ntilde;o, estoy muy contento con el producto, el unico detalle es que se arruga muchosaludosPedro .
Muy bonita novela.  Triste y conmovedora. Deja una bonita ense&ntilde;anza y tr gu&iacute;a a apreciar lo bueno y lo bonito de la vida .
got this for my son for xmas. didn't realize u need and external hard drive just to play the game. It was not in the description at all so he now has a game he can't play that he was dying to get. doesn't work on the xbox360 4g without the drive .
I purchased 2 of these for my boys xmas presents. the first one wouldn't close on the top and then it broke 2days later. The other one fits his phone but u can't hear him when u call his ohone. Its blocks the speakers and his cracked also. Total waste of money. JUNK .
First of all, it is not illegal under BATFE rules to have this conversion as long as this conversion is done by a certified gun smith; the proper tax stamps and paperwork filled out. Just make sure that you also ensure that it isn't against your state law in owning a weapon like this.For you newbies out there, if you want a full auto weapon, the SKS is not the way to go, and you shouldn't be trying something like this anyway. If you screw it up, you will have a runaway (weapon fires on full auto without trigger compressed) this can lead to serious consequences for you or some innocent bystander. If you want full auto weapons, then look into the AK47, Galil, M-4 Carbine or LAR-47, these weapons were designed to operate under these conditions and need no conversions, just a background check and a lot of money.Don't be the retard that gets the pretty silver braclets for going about it the wrong way .
The quality of product was really bad but I guess that's what you get for a cheap knife. I would never buy this product again .
Wore it at casino every night for 4 days.  Got no response from women at all.  Would not recommend this product .
It is hard to concentrate on only one part of the story, your head cannot stop at one line but explodes into many storylines. Great book, wonderful writer .
They fit great colour is gorgeous and the material looks and feels good quality. I've not washed it yet. They suits up to hip .
I was in doubt as to the size but it fits perfect. I am 1,58m and it gets down right at my knees. It feels warm and light at the same time, good cut, it doesn't make me feel like a bear, it makes a nice shape. Wide enough sleeves for you to move freely. I love it .
It feels soft and very warm. Sequin do not pinch your skin. Very nice material and looks elegant as well .
Wonderful colour and texture.It fits elegant with a pair of office pant and also informal but chic with jeans. The fabric is not heavy and falls great .
It is a beautiful shirt, soft and not so transparent as it shows in the pic. The colours are much more vivid than the picture. Looks great with jeans .
I haven't washed it yet but the fabric looks like those which get smaller looks better than feels, the fabric looks cheap .
It was a good book right until the ending I cried the ending I did not enjoy it didn't wrap things up like I thought it would. Not only did many loving characters lost their lives but the heartbreaking sadness towards the end .
It was an OK book if you ask me I would not buy it it isn't worth the money It is a poor book I'm glad I have prime .
theses are a great value!  being diabetic with no insurance I have to save everywhere I can and these save me a lot every month .
I lost my dog not long ago. I was really heartbroke. I ordered some books on dogs going to heaven but they didn't seem to help. I then bought "Biblical Proof Animals do go to Heaven". I cried, I laughed, and it educated me. But mostly I know for sure now where my beloved dog is. This book is amazing. It has bible proof and a beautiful story that once you start to read it, you can't put it down! I give it 5 stars!! If you read this book you will have no doubts that your pet is in heaven .
I was expecting something a little more structurally sturdy.  Once I opened the package I knew it wasn't going to be a good case. The front part is extremely flimsy and broke upon putting on my phone. I do not recommend this unless you are willing to &#34;pay for what you get&#34;. The shipping took too long and was definitely not worth the wait .
I love my uggs.  They are super warm and fuzzy.  If I wear them ALL day (I work from home), my feet feel like I'm walking on concrete, but great for not walking around in all day .
When the Uggs arrived, the fabric was REALLY fuzzy and looked like they had been worn for years on the fabric, although I know they weren't because the sole was new .
the earphone is suck!!! not louder at all!!! but the bass is okay for the price and i am not okay with this earphone .
the isound i have try out is good but not that very good like you pay cheap headphone you get cheap sound and for me i not using i give my sister to use hehe .
5 stars, it arrived on time,the parts are original and did work perfectly on my laptop. It did not overheat, functions perfectly hope it last .
I've not received the product yet. It doesn't even have a tracking number so I can know where is at. I'm worried .
So beyond pissed off. I bought this because it was said to be unopened with just the outer plastic ripped off. NOT TRUE! The whole thing was obviously re-shrink wrapped, the box had a piece of tape where it would have had it seeled but that was cut... a lot of the pieces had the color of it falling off the foam pieces. So aggravated and feel like I was lied too. I don't even want to put it together now .
the story is quite irony. however, I cannot understand some of the expression. the English is quite old caused me confuse sometime .
I have been using the keyboard for about 3 months. It has been as sturdy as the first time. Typing on the ipad mini is now so much better! One dislike is the fact that the keyboard does not work when we have to log in to a wifi network at a hotel. When a pop up screen appears for me to key in the passcode, I cannot seem to type uding the ZAGG. I have to open a document, type in what I need to, then copy and paste it on the pop up screen. Another issue is that the play or pause buttons cannot be used on spotify.Otherwise, I think its a great typing tool to have. Thanks .
Tuff to site in but once you do its great. Hopefully it will keep me from having to use my weapon. Only a fool would not respect the red dot if they break in my house .
All the neighborhood kids can see it I don't mind being the guy they think is paranoid. This sign prevents stupid acts .
Needs more air space and mounting depth than pioneer ip-flat subs. Not truly a flat sub little less mounting depth. Was surprised to see a magnet on back. Pioneer definitely has this beat .
They sell it at Walmart in camping area no difference in material at all. Price not far off but this product is made well .
It was okay i expected the box to be worn, but not opened I don't know if the film was pressed or not .
It was okay i have no completes. I expected everything I bought. Took me only a about half an hour to finish on project. I bought this to build a 3D model for my science project and I could not be happier. I am I will be getting a 100 on that .
cool bro its very good d . i love it  because its  magic thingi serious i am not jocking.Buy that see that effect .
Not a bad read. Better than l thought. I did figure it out about half way through. All in all it kept my attention for the duration of this book .
A romantic mystery that was not too bad. I am not keen on romance stories, but this one was tolerable .
Different from what I am used to reading. Not a bad read all in all. Might try another one some day .
This book started slowly but I  couldn't put it down for the last couple or three chapters. I was not too surprised by the end though .
Cherie Priest has mastered that fine line between vernacular wit and sophomoric daily diary sort of stuff.  In other words, she writes the way people talk, but not only that, she writes the way SMART people talk, and manages not to write any of the stuff you're going to want to skip.  I was a fan from the first page I read (which was in her first book in this series, "Bloodshot"), and hope this turns out to be a long series .
Terrific book, and a very long book!  Reading it on my Kindle I didn't realize how long it was, but I was thrilled to continue reading, and reading this book.  The writing is excellent, and you will be transformed into the ever changing life of the main character.  I loved it, and continue to think about the events that occurred, considering what it all means...  The author is brilliantly gifted, and tremendously knowledgeable about life in contrasting states and circumstances.  It's a read that you will never forget .
the sound was fuzzy and the quality was low, I do not recommend. the only good thing was it arrived fast .
It was not even a frozen doll...it was a cheap knock off...it said Bamin Anna on in....Im SO furious...this was for my daughters b-day..and I paid A LOT of money for it .
ARE YOU JOKING ME.... the doll does not look like this... not the same outfit... hair crazy not in a braid... I am so mad right now .
I haven't gotten the chance to read this book yet, but I saw the movie and I am very excited. This book was about $5 and I believe it was worth it .
It's pretty good, I haven't read the newest book in the series though. I have been playing video games more than reading but this was a pretty good buy .
Never finished the book, when I bought it I thought it was the next book in the series. I only got half way through, and I was very bored when reading it. I guess it was my bad for buying it under false pretenses .
This was a free buy, Tim Mettey came to my school to sell this product, I looked it up on amazon and it was free. I haven't read it yet, but I am sure its a great book for being free .
Was for a good price. Never finished it, not sure why now that I think about it. Anyway, I would consider buying this item .
I gave Waiting to be heard a five star review because it was beautifully written and it never steered away from the heart wrenching truth Ms.Knox went through. As she aches and fights for freedom it she manages to stir that up in reader as well. I recommend this book to everyone  it's  story people of any age need to. It serves as an important piece of history .
Started peeling after a couple of days, did not fit the device correctly.Was not able to open the slide with this case .
I bought these for my Mom and the slippers were delivered way ahead of schedule. She was very happy with how they fit and the amount of cushion they had.  She has never owned a nice pair of house slippers before, usually cheap Walmart specials. She liked the thickness of the soles and how she can walk out to the mailbox and not feel every little pebble on the driveway. My Mom is always on her feet and she said she will never buy another cheap pair of slippers again after wearing these all day .
I have tried just about every name brand sunglass out and none compare to the fit of Bolle's. I have a pair of Costas which cost me 200 plus and I am scared to wear them because they scratch so easily.As many stated, yes they are a very large pair of shades, but if you have a bog noggin and like the coverage they provide against the sun on the Water then these are for you. I work in the Gulf and nothing compares. I have owned Bolle's in the past and been sold on the quality and lasting durability for years.Here's the but, the float head piece does not fit over the ear section of the sunglasses, so it's useless and I really wanted to use it. I drive boats and I have had sunglasses fly off before to be lost for ever.Bolle, you need to send the correct head float with these sunglasses .
This is probably the best deal on the Internet for my Samsung Galaxy S3. I paid under 3 dollars for the case. I was very reluctant at first because I was thinking no way this case is going to fit,, something has to be wrong.... Nope, it fit really snug and is very slim along with a belt clip holder.  I don't recommend it for a construction worker or some one who works out doors, but it does have a belt clip that faces the phone inward which protects it.Don't pass the deal up .
I watched the gold box timer like most of you and when it reached zero i rapidly clicked on it, saw the price and went straight to check out. I look at it like this, if you was one of those people who needed to see specs first, you missed out on a 50 inch TV for 288 dollars. I don't care what brand it is, for that price and yes Walmart customers have given this TV decent reviews for twice the amount. This won't be my family TV, perfect for a game room.. Man cave.My TV gets here on Friday and I will update.You can always clear it out of in box if you didn't want it. Just my opinion .
Didn't like. Only for children. Kinda boring. Trailer makes you think it would be better... I wouldn't watch this movie again .
I love this moisturizer. I've been using it for 1,5 months I can say and it makes my skin feel and look amazing. So far I love all the Mama Mio products. The ones I tried so far, Clean Slate, Eye Know and this one, all have Aloe Vera as the first ingredient. No wonder these products feel so good .
I was hesitant when ordering the item because of a review stating the stand is not high enough. I measured mine at just over 7 feet tall. For my family's purposes this works out just fine.  The assembly was not complicated at all and I was expecting much more of a project. I received mine 3 days from the time I ordered. I must live fairly close to an Amazon fulfillment center .
great stuff have tried several nothing comes close to this !!!!!! i have lost over 30ibs , i love it there is no side effects at all .
I really like this handle and how it allows the razor to move.Every other handle i've used had razors built in which never allowed it to move with my face.I'm able to get a great grip so I can make sure I have total control which means less cuts.I'd like to say I was lucky enough to try this for free thanks to a program from Gillette .
I used to use cheap razors with only one or two blades and they done alright but I'd have to go over them more than once which always results in razor burn.This razor cartridge is great has five small blades which means gets more hair and causes a smooth shave. I've not once broke out since using this and I honestly don't think i'd ever go back.I was lucky enough to try this for free thanks to a program from Gillette .
I bought this unit for my hunting camper and very well please with it. Had good water flow and great range for heated water.Temperature control doesn't have to be wide open to get the right temp. If  you have a hose connecter close by you can have this unit going 10 minutes, very easy to hook up .
Took with CAMBOGIA and I lost 10 pounds in 2 1/2 weeks eating what I normally do. That gave me the push to cut out soda, then lost 10 more. Since seeing actual results I'm trying to eat healthier. Pills do not make you jittery or gassy/poopy .
My game now freezes constantly. The game itself is very fun but I can't even play it when everything is frozen and stuck. Very annoying .
Unlike temple run, brave is really hard to get her to jump and side to side and I have to push hard on my tablet and really do not like that. Other than that it is okay .
Really enjoyed this read! Marta Perry always writes great books. I read them out of order and it wasn't confusing. Loved the book would recommend .
This game is very addictive! I haven't had any problems!!! I recommend eveyone get this. Fun different games so you don't get bored and it makes it more interesting that you have to continue to play your unlocked games to earn more coins to unlock others! I already played 3 hours straight and I'm sure many more hours of fun are sure to follow .
Love this game! Slow generating coins at first but when you get to higher levels it's not too bad. Was on level 100 then had to swap out my kindle and even after syncing I lost all my prizes and started at level 1! Really mad I spent money to get coins, don't think I'll do that again just incase I have another problem with my kindle .
whenever I paint my nails I put this on as a top coat, and in about 10 minutes my nails are perfectly dry. I love that they become really solid, because I hate walking around trying not to touch anything in fear of messing my nails up. the one thing I will say is it does make my nail polish peel, it won't chip, but if you get nervous and play with your nails, I wouldn't recommend this for you .
I am very happy with this product. The spring-loaded buttons on the side fits very snugly into the lighter socket. It charges my iPhone 5 at a high speed and stayed charging throughout, it never once fell out of the hole. It also has a very elegant, simple design. Once it is plugged in, a blue glow will indicate that it is ready to be used with adds an awesome effect especially when driving in the night. Another plus was that this product was also delivered very promptly as I received mine within a few days of purchasing it. All in all, this product is very sturdy and is certainly NOT a low quality charger. Im truly impressed with this product and it is definitely worth paying the price for its high quality .
This game is really awesome and I'm.  Kind of picky person but this is really epic so yeah I recommend this game to play an d it is free so play it before it not free .
Waste of money and Im so disappointed. It does not fit my phone. Not even worth one star honestly. I want my money back .
okay, i hate Thomas. he is annoying and clings onto Cia like a child (not that children are terrible). i hated him even in the first book and the second he was just worse. I like Ian and think him and Cia should be together. Thomas is stupid and annoying and i hate him and he killed someone and hes evil and cia and ian should be together and thomas is a sack butt okay goodnight even though its only 5 pm. okay rant over .
Funny group of girls plus romance plus talent. The musical version of Mean Girls in a way... What's not to love .
I have become a super Dark Knight fan and this was just what I was looking for. I had seen others but I'm glad i bought this one. And because its black i can wear it with anything plus black is my favorite color. All of my friend now want to buy it off of me or want to borrow it. I don't see many girl where snapback so this really made me stand out too. Batman Fan all the way!! Plus i got it in 2 days, rite on schedule .
This product is good, has a lot of styling options and works very well. However you have to charge after every use because the charge doesn't last long, but other than that it is a good product especially for the price .
I love this shirt. I just got it today and it was a very nice surprise because it came much faster than it was estimated, perfect fit. Great Material, soft and stretchy, didn't ride up .
This is a great expansion. But then again, I love the whole set.. Can't wait for more.  Just wish I would spend more time playing .
I must admit that I did not purchase this because of the NFL team but for my favorite high school band, Lake Brantley High school band.  Can't wait for marching season to show my Patriot pride .
My little artist girl really love this gadget.  She is very talented and this just broadened her talents even more.  I can't get her off.  Now I have to get one for me .
I must admit that I did not purchase this because of the NFL team but for my favorite high school band, Lake Brantley High school band. I take my lunch to work with pride .
In the comfort of my bed, I can do almost anything. Great resolution and so far, I can't think of anything I would love except for.. dual cameras.  That would be the only thing missing. Great device .
This is probably my most favorite expansion along with Seasons.  I haven't explored all of what this game has to offer but I am sure the more I play, the more I will enjoy .
The top is 6 and the short size 4 it looks good but the y mix the size and i Think i can't return for my money back .
The phone worked well initially but started giving issues after a month, After placing a call I couldn't hear anyone on the other side while they could hear everything that I spoke, I initially thought this is a problem with my telephone subscriber and not with the instrument and went from pillar to post to get this sorted but unfortunately it turned to be a instrument fault. I am outside the returns window and  need to loosen my pockets on another instrument .
My son purposely entered words incorrectly and it came up with words that are not close to what he was trying to spell.  We are back to using the childrens spelling dictionary .
This was my 9 year old son's Christmas present. I priced them at the music stores.  They were very expensive.  This one was a good price.  It came just before Christmas and packaged nicely.  It doesn't take up a lot of room.  The guitars (3 different sizes)don't fall out...which is a good thing  :-)  I would highly recommend it .
HAD to buy Shadow Pass. I read library copies of Eastland's other two Pikkala novels. but the library didn't have Shadow Pass.  It was just as good as Eye of the Red Tsar and Archive 17 .
Wow, this really stands up to the buzz about garcinia. My friends are happy about my weight loss, but what is amazing to me is how easy it makes it to not be hungry when I am usually craving snacks or sweets. I just have this relaxed easy feeling during the day that feels great. I feel energized but not hungry even during the later afternoons when we usually grab a coffee and a treat. I don't need the treats to get me through. I'm all about the occasional treat but now I feel like it's a choice rather than a quick sugar high to get me through the afternoon. I'm more than happy with the garcinia and like that it's natural and safe. The weight loss comes naturally without the snacking because I'm using up the fat stored in my hips - thank God .
This book follows the story of Edith Campbell Berry, and the collapse of the League of Nations as Europe moves closer to the war.  Edith's marriage has failed and she once again moves into a close relationship with Ambrose, her 'nancy-boy'..Frank Moorhouse's intensive research into the history of this period has resulted in a fascinating insight into the influential characters in the League, the reasons for it's failure and the impact of the rise of Nazi Germany on the bohemian and artistic population of Geneva.The story concludes on a despondent note with the failure of the surviving delegates of the League to be admitted to the conference in San Fransisco of the newly formed United Nations, and their feeling that their work was to no avail .
It is quite pretty and my sister loved the ruffles. However the material is scratchy on the inside and the ruffles get rather flattened and crumpled during shipping. Also I'd say it needs thicker straps considering the dress isn't that light .
It's pretty amazing considering this is the first laptop I have bought in five years. The startup is quick and smooth, the keyboard has large font and a non-slippery feel which is lovely, the touchpad responses well enough no sensitivity issues. I'm amazed by how quickly the programs open up and how efficient it moves from one program to the next.The weight isn't very heavy, its compact, the battery is easily removable and having a CD/DVD drive is a plus. Of course Windows 7 has an excellent interface I'm familiar with and its very user-friendly. Overall its a great product, I've had no problems after the first couple of days and the shipping was fast and the laptop was in mint condition no flaws as far as I could tell. Also the speakers are better than I was expecting it, it can get pretty loud and the screen is perfect for watching movies, great resolution.One of the best selling points about Toshiba is their extra applications such as the PC Health Monitor, which was a lifesaver on my last laptop it tells you basic info about the CPU temperature, fan speed, battery life status which is a simple way of monitoring the over health of your laptop and tracking its decline.I would say this laptop is best if you are looking for a device to keep up with your internet browsing, watching movies and listening to music and doing moderate use of applications such as MS Office etc. Excellent choice for a student .
Did not think I needed a griddle, now I use it all the time. Removable handles are useful for storage. Watch out for eggs sliding off into the sink, has a slick surface .
Now I can sit in the back yard and read while I cook. Plus, not limited to one timer. So easy to use .
this thing broke in a week the tubes inside shattered and the skull came off. DO NOT BUY IT, Not worth the money .
The poker games are fun but very addictive game  that is very tough to beat the computer on any hand you win and try to double your small prize  ..... it will beat you 19 times out of 20 and you will lose all you just worked so hard to gain.  Very low on my list to keep you wanting to return for more ....... come on guys , these are only points ..... not money .
nice for the price will recomend if startind a low budget music system not bad at all if you want to hear your music clearly i really enjoy this product .
i still waiting for my stuff!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! i hope come late if not i want my money back!!! always late i am tired .
I got this book for free fortunately because the first recipe I'm trying doesn't fit in the recommended jar size!  I've not even filled the jar 1/16! The book says just to add nuts, fruit, or chocolate chips to fill up the jar, but it's CHILI!!! So frustrated .
I like this product.  When the doctor said that it has to dissolve in your mouth, I was very leery.  I do not like things dissolving in my mouth but I got it.  I was very surprised.  It did not have a strong taste and did not taste bad at all.  My doctor did specify the 'Jarrow Formula' .
The product itself is good. The capsules are well made.  My doctor asked me to get it. This is the 2nd month that I have been taking it.  I don't see a difference in how I feel but the doctor said to give it another month .
My husband likes this product and has used it off and on for 30 years. He says that it is the only thing that makes his hair lay down without feeling greasy or stiff. He ran out recently (a little goes a long way) and we could not find it locally. So off to the internet we go.  After searching, we decided to buy it from Amazon .
i used it only one time and it doesn't work any more. i used it properly with care but it .
after two months i still use this one. No problems it charges my batterry fast. my notebook is happy and full .
i try to connect following devices to my old projector from 2008it works with my Time warner boxdoes not work with my PS3does not work with my apple tvwith my mac book pro video is working but no sound .
Just what i needed!I went to Best Buy and there was nothing like this under $300.So i find this as a great deal and plus it fits exactly as i imagined.Very easy to install too .
i really did not want to spend a lot of money for mobile speaker.i love this speaker. the sound is not the same when using Bluetooth. At home i always connect him on my audio cable to my device .
This game is O.K. starting out but after you complete all single player missions (about a week's worth of frequent play) you run out of game play. At level 50 you have completed all missions and there are no more. To build a really BIG card takes about 1 million coins, and without any world's to play the only way to get coins is the market. Even so it's fun if you like in depth card development. There is literally an infinite combination of builds.  Doesn't play so well on I-pad 1. Overall fun game, I'm still playing about 4 hours a week after 3 months. And you don't have to spend real money to build really strong cards, just a lot of time. 4 stars. And developers, please open up new worlds, or add harder difficulty to existing ones please .
Haven't used it yet, but the last one lasted about 4 months.  My parents leave the TV on all the time. Does that effect the warrenty time .
I like the &#34;wake up&#34; factor of this blend.  I could drink it all day long and never get tired of it .
I am pleased with the brew, but not enthused.  I have had better for the price, but its ok. Thats it .
It is an ok tea,not the best or worst.  It seems a lil weak if you ask me.  I wish it had a stronger taste .
Its ok, not much of a choc kinda freak. Not my cup of tea really.  Might be asking the wrong person .
I choose this rating because this phone has met  my expectation.  I like that it is easy and very friendly to users like me who are not so much into technology.  I am able to use most of the applications such as whatsup, viber, magic jack and so forth.  I can recommend to anyone that is into smart phone .
because it is a very good book.there is nothing to dislike.yes i have already recommened it to several pepole .
works great. easy to install.yes i would recommend this product. have no complants about this product.i choose this product because of the rating .
because it was very slow and borring.it just was not what i liked.no i would not recomend it to anyone .
because it works well, but i don't like the fact that you have to hold it upside down to read it like a normal book.yes i would recommend it .
workes great very easy to set up,there is nothing to dislike about it,yes i would recommend this to a friend .
Fits in my alumi-wallet and has ok tools in case. But wouldn't rely on it for serious emergencies. Fun gift but just a trinket .
You need to have done alot of 3d wood puzzles to even begin to handle this. It has no instruction only the number guide and 705 pieces. It took me a month of sanding, fitting, painting, and glueing a little everyday between everyday life. Looks awesome and it is big. Now I have nowhere to display because it's so big but it is the best 3d puzzle i have done. If you love the wood puzzlesand have the time give this a shoot. Worth the .
I have 23 combination wrenches and thought I couldn't find a roll up big enough. This came fairly quick and this fits my tools with room to spare for sockets and screwdrivers. Great quality and the carrying handle and the lock clips are even better. Good buy. I recommend .
Comes with no instructions so not for a newbie. Took  some time since i painted all the details. Looks okay. Not as great as  the St. Petersburg church puzzle .
I could not find this cake topper any where. It was just what I wanted for my daughters birthday. She loved it and actually still plays with it .
Good dvd that shows in the life of a 40 year old Elton. Not about music really just life on the Made in England tour. Decent if you're a fan .
I really liked the neckalce, but you could not read the writing on the heart. I had to find a magnifying glass on christmas just to read it to my mom. Other than that it was a nice .
I was forced to pay for two day shipping and was promised to get it before Christmas and i didn't get until after Christmas so I was forced to look like a jerk with no gift. And they are cheaply made. Memory Foam? More like forgetful foam .
Belly Ring Dangle Navel Ring with CZ Stones 14G Belly Piercing 1.6mm Belly Ring Heart Spiral with Surgical Steel Bar 14 Gauge 7/16" + 1 Free Belly Retainer - Choose your colorDaughter put it on and within one hour lost the stones out. I know the stones were not real but still disappointing. She did not even get to wear it all day. I would not buy this product again .
I bought as a gift and husband wears everyday and sprays several squirts and it doesn't smell like other colognes. Doesn't stick and almost a waste .
This is mildy enteraining. It has super short webisodes that don't really connect. Waiting for season 2 to start so i can continue the show. It's just ok. Not that great .
It is hard for me to write a review about this product since i never got it. The company that sold it to me took my money but never sent me a sticker so now I'm out of a sticker that looked cool but i will never know. Don't trust customdecaltattooz.Update: It has been over a month and still nothing from this company .
The wood is warped and makes the whole clock not fit right. It has to be sanded and shaped before it can be put together. Cheap balse wood and not worth the price .
This runs with the meep which is the worst tablet ever built. This microphone isn't even needed because the meep has a tiny pin hole microphone on it and can hear you say the commands. Dust collector .
I paid way more than i should of for uncirculated coins but i wanted them. Well when I got them they were all in a single plastic bag and they all had knicks and scratches. Worth only as pocket change. Never again!!!!! Liars .
So in the picture i saw a nice size detailed metal puzzle. Eager to try since I enjoy 3d wood puzzles, i ordered it. Well to my disappointment I got in the mail a small square about 4 inches around. And to add more disappointment when I built it it was smaller than the palm of my hand. For the price it should of been much much larger. Don't be fooled. It's only worth $5.00.Update 4/15/2013I have bought and completed 13 of these MODELS from A.C. Moore for $5.99 a piece, so i stand by my comment that thiss one is overpriced. It was still fun to build just like all the others from the maker of this brand.Just be warned, They are small .
It is nicely built and not to large. Works like any other wallet but nice picture. Might not last for long long time thou .
I can't wait to read the next book about the Anderson family they ate men who love hard and strong .
I choose this book of the cover but once I started reading I couldn't put it down it turned out to be a true love story the best love was that of family .
this book was a page tuner didn't expect this ending I can't wait to read about the stories to come about the Barboza brothers and the women they love. Makes us full figured women feel good knowing there are men out there who desire us .
loving this game can't wait to unlock more rooms i didnt think it would be so much fun i would recomend it to friends keep up the good worka .
I haven't had a cerwin vega since the 80's. I read these reviews and took a chance. There isnt many reviews out there so i feel obligated to share. Im a klipsch fan and the xls compare very well. I have the xls 6c and the xls 28's. The 6c was great and brought alot to the over all sound of my system. Very clean and dynamic. Dont wait! High end speakers is what this is for a great price. Not the smallest thing sitting under your flat screen, but well worth it. Im a CV fan once again .
I just received this case in the mail today. I ordered it monday and got it by Thursday and it had to ship from california to maine. The feeling of the case is very sturdy. It is a well build case and feels great in the hand. This case is great if you looking to prevent your phone from scratches and are looking for a stylish case but with minimal protect to show off the beauty of your iphone. The back of the case is see through so you can see the apple logo. It is not white on the back as the picture shows. The devise when faced downwards on a smooth surface does not touch the surface but it would be a good idea to get a screen protector as there is very little room from the case to the screen. The only reason i gave it 4/5 is because i feel the case is a little over priced and the picture does show a white backing. I purchased it for $15 dollars when i feel it should have been more like $10 but still definitely worth the money. I would highly recommend this case to anyone looking for a good case with minimal protection .
For around $10 you can't go wrong with this case. The case has a nice feel to it. It does not feel cheap and is nice and grippy. The case has some soft stuff inside of it. This grips the phone really nicely and protects from scratches on the inside. The screen protector i was using at the time did not fit with this case so i did have to remove it. The reason i gave it 4/5 is because the cutout for the camera is a little large. Also the lock button is a little hard to access with this case. Other than that the cutouts for the buttons are perfect .
I love my new headset! I can wear it while exercising, washing dishes, doing my housework: and I don't have to worry about it falling out of my ears!!! I LOVE IT .
No!!!! I was very dissatisfied with the case.. When I opened the package the bow fell completely off&#128547;&#128547;&#128547; So therefor I had to return it... I will NEVER order another one .
Works great for the small room we wanted to move some air around,  Directions are simple, Not sure why several complain about putting it together .
This watch was good for maybe 2 weeks before the color drastically changed into another color I've never seen! Cheap .
The case was only good for 2 days after a minor fall off the couch! Next, i know the case is chipped and Broken! Not acceptable! I was not happy at all .
This is EXACTLY what I have been searching for for my Vita! I wanted something not so bulky but would protect from the items in my purse or bag. Will not protect against falls but they make cases for that. Love it .
I was a little disappointed in the quality of this tulle. I'm using it to make a 38 inch bustle on a tutu and it frayed on the ends and curled and got very weird looking. It does not match the straightness of the red tulle I have on the tutu so I'm going to have to go back, throw all the black tulle away, and buy a better quality tulle. Not happy at all, since I paid about $18 total for this material and I'm just having to throw it away and redo all my work. What a waste of my money .
I loved this case, it just looks nice and clean and well put together. It's not bulky and keeps your phone nice and thin, not slippery. Cut out openings are very precise, didn't have any trouble getting my S-pen out or using the camera. I was so heartbroken when I had to give it away, though. I have a Zagg screen protector on my Note II and after having this case on my phone for about 30 minutes my Zagg started lifting and bubbling on one corner. The inside of the case is a little too sharp to have a screen protector. I still blame the Zagg though, I feel it doesn't sit well on the screen (it extends to the edges too much). I really loved this case but, because the Zagg was a $30 purchase, I had to go with another case. If you don't have a screen protector that doesn't extend too far to the edges of your screen then you should be fine. I'm just sad I couldn't use it .
EXTREMELY sheer. If you are looking for some sort of shield against sunlight this is not the curtain for you. It matched perfectly with what I was going for in my bedroom. Not the best material, it was a little frayed on some spots but nothing terribly noticeable .
Item is what was expected. Arrived in good condition, minor loose threads, nothing major. Will go great with my costume .
when i recieved the cover it was a lite pink not hot.pink and it had.some of the white rubbed off .
I didn't think I was going to like it as much as I do even my husband loves it and its a perfect size .
After you charge it it doesn't keep its charged for that long. Plus it barely charges my phone gets the battery to like 20 .
I ordered this and a got some Chinese finger puppet thing I would recommend getting one from the store and it is cheaper because you don't have to pay shipping .
I LOVED this book. Not one very easy to put down and finish later. Kept me drawn in until the end. And, WOW, what an ending. I can't wait for more from this VERY talented author. This is a "must read .
I got this item as a gift for my mom and she loved it!! It shipped super fast and when I received it in the mail I had a surprise! it was buy one get one free and I didn't even know it! My mom loves this item so much! definitely a must get for moms everywhere .
This book is terrifying and captivating and brilliant. I could not put it down. It made me hateful and angry and opened my eyes in a way that I cannot come back from. My entire understanding of myself and the world changed with this read. It is not for the faint of heart. If you are a feminist or believe in women or at the very least have any concept of human decency this will affect you. It affected me. I finished the book, looked up, and whole heartedly felt baffled by the fact that the world around me had not changed when I had changed so much. I highly recommend. It is a very unique look at very heavy subject matter .
I have read almost all of the kontra's menagerie series and this is by far one of my favorites. However I am a sucker for a strong dominant personality. I this case it's not the shifter .
This book is one of my least favorites in this series so far. I love that it continues to fallow the other couples as there stories continue to unfold, however I felt as though this book was to short. There is getting to be detail after detail in the story lines of the numerous couples that needs to be told, i felt as tho grit and his masters story didn't get the details it deserves. I am not sure if that was due to moving things along or trying to shorten thing so the book didn't get to long ? I personal would have preferred the extra pages and details. I was just getting into grit and his master's story when this book came to an end, I am ready for stix to release to see what happens next .
I wasn't expecting much when I ordered this ring.  My only expectation is that it won't turn my finger green.  I think it's safe to say I got a lot more than what I expected.  The ring is heavy for it's size but to me that speaks of the quality of the material.  The matte finish is really nice and I've yet to scratch it after about a week of wearing it.  The smooth shiny sections are a great compliment to the matte finish.  For this price, it's a steal and you cannot find a better ring for the same price.  I highly recommend this ring to anyone looking for something that not your traditional wedding band.  You will love it .
The fit is really good but it does come with extra ear pieces just in case you should need a different size. The sound is really good and the bass is surprisingly good as well.  For the price it's hard to beat.  These in ear headphones actually compare reasonably well to some over ear headphones.  For the price I was actually expecting a weak bass sound but these are really good.  I've had these for a while now and they're still kicking and sounding great.  I would highly recommend these to anyone looking for some incredible headphones but don't want to pay over $100.  These are just as good as some of the $100+ headphones.  You won't regret it .
The rotors are even and balanced well.  They perform well and so far I have no issues with these.  I know people spend a lot of money for brake rotors if you're going to spend money on your brake system, spend it on some high quality brake pads.  These rotors get the job done and they don't need all the fancy bells and whistle to do it.  The price is great and really hard to beat.  They came packaged as they should, in a box and wrapped in plastic.  When they leave the factory, they put an anti-rust treatment on the rotors so it's recommended you clean that off before installation with some brake cleaning fluid.  I installed them and my brakes have been much improved.  I would recommend these to anyone who needs new brake rotors .
I'm was initially hesitant to make this purchase but after reading some of the reviews, I went ahead and made the purchase.  I'm really glad I did.  This ring is solid and is surprisingly heavy for it's size.  To me that speaks of quality material and so far it's been exactly that.  It's beautiful and has a smooth shiny finish that seems to hold up well to everyday wear and doesn't seem to scratch easy.  The ring is true to size and fits me perfectly as a size 7 should.  I don't know why you would pay $100+ for a nice simple ring like this when you can have this for a fraction of that.  This is well worth the money, don't hesitate and buy it now .
Product is as described and fits properly.  Just make sure you take the time to look at the size chart so you get the correct size.  There are no pockets for your hands as you might expect on a Levis denim jacket.  But for the price, the denim jacket looks good and quality seems to be decent as well.  I would recommend this if you can do without pockets for your hands.  The 2 chest pockets are real pockets however.  For this price, it's a good purchase .
I bought this for my wife so she can wear it around without fear of losing her wedding ring and she loves it!  It's quite heavy for it's size and to me, that speaks of it's quality.  So far it's proven to be of quality material and craftsmanship, as it's resistant to scratches  and the finish is amazing.  Some people pay several hundred dollars for a simple band like this and I'm not sure why.  You can get this for a fraction of that and still have the quality people associate with the higher price rings.  Don't be afraid to make this purchase if you need a band or just another ring to wear in place of a wedding ring.  It's great quality and for this price, you cannot get anything better.  I would recommend this to anyone .
This screen protector is great!  The protector is slick and it doesn't change the way your screen feels after you've applied the screen protector.  I'm not a fan of the matte, non glare screen protector because it takes away from the slick feel of the glass.  I can deal with the glare if the screen protector feels like the glass, and it does.  I would recommend this product to anyone looking for a screen protector and isn't looking for the non glare protectors.  You can't beat this product for the price .
This amp is amazing and for that price, it just doesn't seem right.  But it is and the amp is great.  I'm pairing the amp with an Alpine 1043d sub and this thing makes the sub sound incredible.  I don't even have the gain turned up on the amp, I'm just using the EQ settings on my head unit and it sounds amazing.  If I wanted to, I could turn up the gain and rattle some windows, I'm more concerned about quality bass sound and this amp gives me that.  I've yet to have any issues with the amp as it doesn't get too hot even after pushing it.  This thing can handle it.  Highly recommended to anyone looking for an amp .
I like this case it is not expensive and it is so cool. My friends at school told me it was so cool .
This book had me on my toes the entire time.. I couldn't stop reading it! River was just a dream, his songs, his everything is just wow... He was so sweet and understanding with Dahlia. This book is a MUST READ. I cried, I laughed, I smiled.. That cliff hanger left me wanting more so I went and got Torn right away. Thank You Kim .
I'M STILL KIND OF IN SHOCK.Let me start off my saying this is not your typical story, it isn't a fairytale. I was a bit ify about this read at first, I'm not going to lie. BUT that quickly changed! I was sucked into Lilian's life, her thoughts, her struggles, her good times, her bad times, and all of her choices. Her story was so real, and so raw, and I loved every bit of it. It was like I was with her the whole time! When it came to her relationships I was in love with Leo, I loved them together. But I also loved Nick. It's a tough choice but Leo has my heart. He was there for her, he saved her. He is Lilian's happily ending. I was really rooting for Nick and Lil to work, I was kind of jealous she scored a man like that! But everything happens for a reason, and somehow someway Leo and Lil ended up together again after 20 years.Everything that Lil went through hurt my heart, so many highs and lows had me turning the page and turning the page. It was an emotional rollercoaster. Life was good to Lil then it was cruel. They always say you should let these bad times make you stronger but that's not always the case. Sometimes life can hit you time after time and you start to become weak. She dealed with a lot, I felt for her. I sometimes wanted to take some of her pain away.Overall this book was simply great. I was left speechless, I won't be able to pick up another book for a while. It was a rollercoaster of emotions, of pain, happiness and everything in between. It's gritty and so real. This is Lil's story and I know there will be a book 2 with Leo's POV. I would reccemond this read to those who love a good ugly ugly emotional cry .
I really loved reading this! It's a great girl meets boy novel full of lust, and moments of sadness. Madison met Liam and they were immediately attracted to each other and they later on find out that they work with each other! I got to hand it to Christina this was a very well written debut book, if there was any spelling or grammar errors I never caught them because I was too caught up in the book!Two people trying to make something of themselves In the medical field, and they find each other and know things will no longer be the same, they want a no strings attached relationship but that wasn't happening! I was on the verge of tears when Liam left, I was also so mad! He frustrated me at times! I really felt for Maddie. And i also wanted to kill Owen for doing what he did.Overall this was a great debut read and I am REALLY looking forward to seeing what's next for this great author .
I didn't think this series could get anymore amazing and any more heart wrenching but as always R.K Lilley NEVER fails to make me cry, laugh, scream and say &#34;oh my god!&#34; So many times. The relationship between Danika and Tristen in nothing short of steamy and a hot mess. He's a jealous maniac with the sex drive of a 16 year old boy. And it's hot!Danika's patience was tested as was Tristens. Danika had to deal with groupies from her mans past and Tristen had a hard time staying out of jail and trouble because his girlfriend is attractive and everything pisses him off. Tristen has been through a lot with the situation of his brother and now all his mother does is blame him. Some happy moments occur but are quickly shut down. These are the parts that killed me. I was rooting for them to fix the broken pieces but not everything can be mended.The story took so many different turns and now I have whip lash! I cried and yelled and I was shocked. THIS book.. This WHOLE series is just amazing. AMAZING .
This was seriously the most perfect conclusion to the Trust Me Trilogy! It was just how I pictured it would be. I'm kind of a sucker for sweet stories like this but it wasn't all that sweet thanks to Alistair. There were plenty of times when I wanted to punch that old man in the throat. Aiden at times was so passive. I felt like he just let the insults slide one too many times. But after all that is his father and they love each other no matter what. At times I wanted to shake Jenny and make her realize that Alistair didn't have power over her. Once she got into her story with Jason I understood it all. She was out through way too much. It's a lot to handle for one person.Callie and mike made me super happy by the way! Overall this was a great conclusion to this trilogy. It's romantic yet frustrating at times. Book 1 and 2 must be read before this one. Amazing job Miss Osborn I can't wait for more to come from you .
I recieved these items and they are not acceptable, they are so dirty, that I am not comfortable giving them to the kids, it will take to long to try and clean them. Not happy at all .
These are indeed the best lights I ever owned. no tangling or muss love the case they come in for storage as well. Just wish there were multi color lights in this length as well. I am replacing on my old lights with these rope lights I use mine when camping but since we don't camp much in winter I am using them at christmas as well to decorate my porch. you can't loose with this purchase .
it  is a great game and it shows alot of stuff the others didn't and it is great to play .
was a big joke not all the stuff was there and it is junk.  do not  waste your money on it .
I had went and got my hair done at the beauty salon and they use this product in my hair and it was so beautiful I couldn't believe how silky and long looking my hair was it was a great feeling try it and this oil will leave your hair feeling so good and silky you would always want to put in hair no lies this is not a scam just try it and buy it .
Looks and feels real. not as long as shown in the photo but still looks great! Very soft too which is a major plus .
WE HAVE HAD CORELLE DISHES IN THE PAST BUT WENT TO OTHER STYLES JUST FOR A CHANGE.  WE HAVE REMODELED THE KITCHEN AND BOUGHT NEW DISHES AND MY WIFE LIKED THE SQUARE AND THE LIGHTNESS OF CORELLE.  WE HAVE BEEN USING THEM AND JUST LOVE THEM.  THEY ARE VERY GOOD LOOKING, DURABLE AND JUST NICE TO EAT OFF OF.  THE MUGS HAVE A NICE HANDLE TO HOLD ONTO.  I WAS HESITANT TO BUY BUT THE WIFE WANTED THEM SO WE HAVE THEM.  ONCE I STARTED USING THEM I REALLY LOVE THEM.  THE SHIPMENT CAME ALL SECURE WITH NO PROBLEMS .
Book was fantastic, I had real trouble not reading it during work! I loved all the characters and became very emotionally invested in the storyline. So well written! 5 stars :- .
This case is very thin and adds no bulk to your nexus 4, it does a good job raising the sides of the case so the screen doesn't touch the floor flat.One thing I wish they would add is the top and bottom of the case. If the case covered all around the nexus that would add protection which I would definetly buyvagain if improved .
I was used and I don't need to charge until the 4 days, very usefull, I will recommend this item .
i bought this in 2012 for 249.99 and i bought a 42' vizio a samsung blu-ray and 5.1 pyle swivel speakers, had no problems what so ever, sounds great on every setting, very loud can stand high volume at long periods of time, you just have to know how to hook it up right and hook the speaker wires rite and you will not have any problems, this one of the best receivers i have owned in 45 yrs...5 star .
i bought this blk berry had no user manuak, so i did'nt know what i was dealing with, no wi-fi poor reception poor plans- over make this short it's a brady buch style phone .
i bought this watch at d j h gate a month ago, i took the leather band off bought a omega steel band took for ever to put on, when i finally got it on i noticed were its round at top of band the watch got alittle scratched up putting in on a couple days latter i noticed were the scratches were on the watch was a gold color.BRASS! i plus there are no engravings on the back, like the watch here shown does, hmmm a conterfit??? can anyone help me solve this?? thanks .
Author had knowledge of New York City, antiques, people of privilege, and especially drugs.  There were brilliant descriptions and heartfelt emotions.  There was too much truth in the book -- the unrequited love and life is short imparts a feeling of hopelessness.  The fact that art endures seems to be the whole point of writing the book.  If you have nothing important to do, read it.  I found it to be a sad story with a sad ending and far too many words .
Not the right one .
I am glad to have purchased this item.  The screen protector is so clear I still do not believe that it's on the screen of the phone.  The is an excellent product I'm even able to effectively use my touch screen with wet fingertips .
Loved this blouse! Dressier than I thought it would be, very nice quality,and great price. My daughter thought it was comfortable which usually isn't so unless it's a tee .
You can never go wrong or get bored with animals around  If you are an animal lover then this app is a must .
I liked the bravery and forward thinking survivalist young people.  No whining, just getting the job done.  I hope and pray there are tons of young adults out there who would take good skills and attitudes into their lives like these did .
Compared to the original pens I had many years ago when the pens and black paper first came out, these pens are not as bright nor as opaque.  The original ones were much more opaque and the colors were brighter with a lot more contrast .
After I got the Fuse I read that I could use the best of all the other companies products by purchasing this adapter set.  I couldn't wait!!  It's true... I got some other very complicated cut outs and the Fuse cut them beautifully!  If you're thinking about getting a machine, I recommend the Fuse, it's great .
I love the product, I was new to scrapbooking so I had no idea how expensive it would get to be just to get the basic sets.  However, I love that I can use many other company's products on it with the adapter set.  I found many many videos on the web for other companies products and how to use them but few on the fuse.  It's pretty simple to use however.  I'm handicapped so the weight tends to be a problem (IT&#34;S VERY VERY HEAVY!!!) but am working around it.  Several of the presses (butterfly, leaf, oval, etc.) are truly beautiful.  I'd sure recommend it, seems like each company has things to recommend theirs, but Fuse will give you the ability to use all their best stuff too so, how could you go wrong .
omg I'm too mad it ended like thatI can't wait for the 3rd partThese girls are badBambi is running s .
Hood Love was a page turner from the beginning to the end. I loved Nae and Capo. I can't wait til part 2 come out.I read this book in one day. Do anybody know when part 2 come out .
short story but too goodI can't wait for part twoTanisha is sho nuff crazymy first time reading anything by this author but I will read again .
For the longest time I was beyond words after I started reading this book.It's taken me a few weeks to recompose my senses enough to write this review! But unlike many of the other 1-star reviews, I'm not going to discourage people from picking up this book.Actually, I ENCOURAGE it, so you can see for yourself just how absurd its premises are.  But instead of handing over your $$ to line Amanda Byrne's pocketbook, seriously, please instead check this book out from a library/borrow a copy from a friend/find free passages online.I don't know what is more disturbing... the actual content of the book or the fact that it was even green-lighted to begin with. And Oprah!  Dear beloved Oprah!  How COULD you endorse a book that teaches "If you see people who are overweight do no observe them but immediately switch your mind to the picture of you in your perfect body and feel it."Selling  this to the masses has just as many frightening implications as  "If you see people who are Jewish do not observe them but immediately switch your mind to the picture of you in your perfect race and feel it"  (And we all know that the mental "snuffing" of Jews didn't just end there....)If you think, "Well, that's an exaggerated comparison.  Rhonda Byrne is not implying the genocide of fat people" well think again.  Rhonda Byrne may not be advocating physical genocide but she certainly is advocating the mental kind, encouraging her readers to embrace the US vs THEM mentality...  "Us" being the superior, the thinner, the richer (the "straight", etc) and "them" being anyone who is not "us".A person who finds their identity through such a skewed mentality can become so desensitized to "them" that violence against "them" often can and does erupt, whether it is the murder of one..... or 6 million.And to think, regarding ""events in history where masses of lives were lost,"  The Secret has the audacity to say, ""By the law of attraction, they had to be on the same frequency as the event."  So, according to the "law" of attraction, they basically wished and thought it upon themselves until it became true?!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!(The exclamation points are  a polite summary  of what I was REALLY thinking... I have to keep my review G-rated, you know)Amanda Byrne must have never read Holocaust survivor Elie Wisel's book "Night".  Or if she has, she probably did not "observe" any of Wisel's horrific written  accounts, and rather envisioned her own "perfect"  book and the millions of dollars she would rake in!!!Ahem. Moving on....A quote at the beginning of the same paragraph about weight reads: ""Make it your intention to look for, admire, and inwardly praise people with your idea of perfect-weight bodies."Is it any wonder, then, that people (mainly women and young girls) end up obsessing over their own bodies and develop eating disorders?Another paragraph from this book which just rubbed me raw was:"Whether we realize it or not, we are thinking most of the time. If you are speaking or listening to someone, you are thinking. If you are reading the newspaper or watching television, you are thinking. When you recall memories from your past, you are thinking. When you are considering something in your future, you are thinking. When you are driving, you are thinking. When you are getting ready in the morning, you are thinking."Gee, I'm not sure I get the point.  Do you think she's trying to tell me that I am thinking?I can't even begin to tell you how completely turned off I was when I read this:"Everything that surrounds you right now in your life, including the things you're complaining about, you've attracted. Now I know at first blush that's going to be something that you hate to hear.... And I'm here to be a little bit in your face and to say, yes you did attract it"I'm sorry... even if the "law" you are speaking of (on authority, of course) really is 100% fact, if you feel you have to "get in my face" to make me believe it, well, then you're insulting my intelligence.  Real experts in real sciences don't HAVE  to get in anybody's face to convince them of anything.  (I've never heard of physicists/scientists/academic professors having to get  in people's faces to prove the law of gravity.)And besides, no matter what point someone is trying to make, whether it be about this so-called law or about something as ordinary as an opinion of a new song out on the radio, if it is expressed along with an "in-your-face" attitude, I'm not going to take to the message - even if I happen to agree with it - very kindly.The problem with "The Secret" is that the quotes I referenced above are not the only disturbing / damaging / insulting ones to be found.  The book is FULL of them.  Don't believe me?  Read the book to find out for yourself.In conclusion, the only explanations I can come up with for the baffling number of 5-star reviews for "The Secret" are:1. Real people are writing about their real experiences with positive thinking, but mistakenly attribute  the positive things happening in their lives  to having read and espoused "The Secret" - as opposed to the fact that they actually worked hard for what they got, or they just had plain dumb luck.2. Reviewers actually wrote a negative review,  but didn't realize they accidentally selected 5 stars (if you read the 5-star reviews, you'll see what I'm talking about)3. Shameless investors / promoters of this book have inflated the number of 5-star reviews to pump up salesP.S.  Oprah I love you and I truly believe you the light for so many people.  I hope to see you one day stand up to "The Secret"!!  Even if it means having to backtrack your endorsement.  You did it with James Frey, so you can do it with Amanda Byrne .
Love Thomas....don't like being woke at 2:40 am to write a review for a movie...Really!  Can you not ask this in the middle of the fay .
only real con i can think of would be it not having removable/replaceable metal shield things on the back where your video card is placed .
It was very easy to assemble, it took me a minute or two. I don't know why other people had problems. Once put together it is sturdy and very fun to use. Happy with purchase .
Best christmas gift ever!! I swim every morning for 1 hour Mon- Fri at the gym and I don't think I can do it without music!! So far it's been working perfectly, no problems at all. Great customer service too .
The book came to my door and packaging was crisp or whatever. Book was solid and I could tell it was new, but the covers were not parallel to each other and the binding was bent. I'm a stickler for small things. The fix was easy but if the book were available in a store near me, I would've purchased it there .
I am very glad I read this book recommend it to anyone else who have not read it.Very entertaining read .
AWFUL. They are totally washed and clearly a lot of these reviews are fake, and i would never buy again for PST. What a waste .
This magnifier is excellent for situations in which my hands are occupied with a squirming bird wearing a band I can't quite read!! Thanks for the light, too...it really helps!Best .
I do not like is not my thing. So you see expect otherwise.Before I had moved more topics.Also has a great you .
This microwave is smaller than our previous 1100 watt and that is a plus because the inside room is still more than adequate. I don't mind that the light doesn't come on until it's cooking even though that was a negative for some purchasers. I don't think it's any louder than our other one...now I'm waiting to see if it's going to last LONGER than the old one! I certainly hope so...my very first microwave was a very large Sharp Carousel that we used for over 20 years! The second Sharp Carousel lasted only 5 years! I certainly hope the Panasonic does better than that! So far...so good!I forgot to say why the four star rating...it's because the ease of programming certain foods is not as easy as it was with our previous microwave. I am very much computer/programming literate but this one seems to be a little more unnecessarily complicated...just sayin' .
So far...so good with this new Melitta coffeemaker. I've used it every day since it arrived. I looked and researched all types and makes and finally decided to get this one based on the previous reviews and past experience with Melitta products. In the past my luck with new coffeemakers has not been very good so I was really reluctant to even buy another one. Hopefully this machine will continue to be a solid purchase .
We haven't had the phones too long but at this time there have been no problems. They are easy to read and easy to program. The clear reception is excellent. We live in an area that seems to be a landlocked &#34;Bermuda Triangle&#34; when it comes to telephone, cell phone and internet reception. So far these phones have performed very well .
Been using it for 3 weeks and while I can't really tell if it looks thicker, my family and friends commented on it without me ever bringing up my hair.As for the smell, it only smells right after the shower and no one has ever brought it up .
This is the second time I have bought these and both times I love them for a few months.The problem is, after a few months the grip begins to separate from its holder and leaves you with the grip falling off. Stronger glue is needed. I will not be buying a third time .
Does what it claims and does help in games like call of duty. Installation can be tricky if you've never taken apart a controller before. I also like the fact you can remove the screw so the trigger can be fully depressed for those games that require it .
This was the first novel I read by Jason Gehlert. As with any first time author I read, I am always skeptical of what I am diving in to but do so with an open mind. From the start, Jeremiah captured my attention with a pretty intriguing story line. It is hard to find originality (in my opinion) in a genre such as this but Jason has found gold with this storyline. Making a deal with the Devil sounds like an exotic idea, but the inner demons that are faced as a result of what must be carried out can weigh heavily on a person. I didn't know whether to hate or to love main character Jeremiah Black, and that was the beauty of this book. As the story moves on, you think you know what is coming next and then you are taken in a completely unexpected turn that leads to another great subplot. Just a fun, good paced read that has some pretty interesting twists with each turn of the page. As a first time reader of this author, I cannot wait to see what comes next from this amazing talent .
This book has it all - drama, comedy and an emotional roller coaster ride. Now take into consideration that all of that alone falls into one character throughout the book, and you can only imagine what transpires with everyone else involved in the story. Living The Dream follows Kurt on an escapade that he devises as the perfect plan, which backfires on him from the start. It's a non-stop, action-packed adventure that will having you wanting to turn the pages faster than you can read them. From the very first page you will understand why you love and hate Kurt at the same time, rooting for him on one page and wanting him to get his just desserts on the next, and why no matter what you think of him you will always want more of this loveable loser. If you are looking for a great action novel that will keep you guessing until the very end (I know I did), then Living The Dream is the one book that you must have in your collection..................and oh yea Tim's other books only get better (as hard as it was to top this one .
All in all, it was a very good read. It started out as just another &#34;how to&#34; guide, but it very quickly turned into an informative wheelhouse and I was able to set up a few new methods of promoting myself as I read it. I have read a few similar books and they all say the same thing - which isn't much - but Seumas definitely helped me to get a few more platforms going that I wouldn't otherwise have thought about. If you're looking for some good pointers and a guiding hand through the process, this is the book for you .
waoooh...this book enligthened my life...!I'm...different! Nothing is the same since our first meeting, and I used to go through it daily ...as kind reminder for my self.I red the monk too.... seems like I &#34;slept&#34; during 25 years .
like reviewers said...armhole is not &#34;the best fit&#34;. But i love the length, love the color and the clothe is soft...i recommend it if you don't care much about your underwear showing a bit .
please forget the color you saw...! nothing like that.fortunately I ordered one size up. So no complain with toe box.heels are wonderful and love the footbed too.looks weird (11M) but guess that I'll love it more later .
Went for 34FF wear it as racerback is better for me than the normal way. more tight and help girls to not bounce as much .
Ok I really love the shoes and I'm a bit surprise as I red that indigo line run small.true to size but there is something with the toe box that I can't define..And no kiddin' I think it will be beautiful on small feet. Not mine (10M)...It looks weird.I'm so sad coz' I heeeart the design .
These are my first running shoes, and love them soooo much. I just ordered another one in periwinkle/sun color. My feet are a bit wide, and feared that the (B) size won't fit, but I have enough room.I also bought the nimbus 14 but didn't give them a try yet, but love the fit .
I just received it and ...no comment! definitely in love!true to size, and the platform make it perfect!gonna wear it with short dresses and trousers .
it's beautiful! but it runs small a bit. half size up will be a better choice.unfortunately I cannot send it back. but really love the look .
I haven't had many problems with it, occasionally I catch some static. But overall it's pretty good for how cheap it is .
Overall this is a really good eyeliner that is a lot easier to apply than many others I have had in the past. It won't smudge and lasts a long time .
I purchased this as a Christmas present for my father over the holidays. He had a it about 2 to 3 weeks and it quit working. The screen became discolored and then it crapped out. I emailed the seller to see if I can return it and I heard nothing back. I emailed him in January. I still have the tablet sitting in a drawer. I do not recommend this product. I would really prefer my money back to be honest. Hope this helps you all .
For the price I paid you really can't beat it. They are comfy and are not cheap at all. I would purchase again .
I brought two bottles of this product 3 weeks ago, one for myself the other for my husband.  We are not what you would consider overweight, but we both wanted to shed a few extra pounds to see a more pronounced definition from our five days a week exercise work outs.  This product really works.  I am a pre diabetic, so not only did I lose 4 pounds, it also lowered my blood sugar.  My husband lost 9 pounds, and at the age of 50 he can once again see his six pack.  I spoke to the customer service rep and she said that they are coming out with a better new and improved product, I will be looking forward to trying that product also, and I hope it works as well as this one.  I will keep a bottle in my cabinet in case the weight starts trying to creep back on.  10 pounds is the max I will allow my body to go over in weight and for a 50 year old woman, this product will help me maintain my 123 pounds for my 5"4 frame .
I received the phone case on time as expected. Although I was somewhat upset that 5 of the crystals had already fallen out. I suspect this is either from poor handling while shipping, or poor gluing from the company. The color of the case is wonderful and all my friends ask where I bought it. I love the leopard design and fur texture, but really wish the crystals weren't falling out so quickly. Recommended for young to teenage girls for any event .
I received this in the mail on time as stated in absolute excellent condition. It fits my boyfriends 3GS perfectly with no odd pieces sticking out or sharp edges. The camo is exactly like the picture states and the two pieces fit together the way they should! I recommend this to anyone who has a brother, dad, boyfriend, or husband that likes camouflage .
These screen protectors are good if you want basic care of your screen. As in you just want it to keep your screen from having scratches and fingerprints. It isn't anything fancy, just a plain Jane screen protector. But it did fit well & if you know what your doing you shouldn't have bubbles. I would recommend this because of its price. It's well worth what you pay .
this book sucked so much i would never read it again. DO NOT BUY THIS IT IS NOT WORTH YOU STUPID TIME .
The best diary of a wimpy kid book yet!! Can't wait for more books to come out!!  Jeff Kinney did a great job...REALLY FUNNY .
is very interesting and easy to read book. Get you into life of others just like it is your own. I gave 10 out of 10 to author. Can't wait for more novels from Ameera .
enjoyed the series, would have preferred it to be in one book though. it does not download in order makes finding the right book a chore .
don't know why people rate it as 1. a rating below 5 is an insult to the game. the game is great, i played it and there seems to be no problem at all. Waiting for your next turn may take some time but it gives you a rest. the graphic is great, the battle is fun. it is really a 5 star .
I have used other braces that came undone when I sit down, but not this one. The Velcro provides a strong closure and it has not failed on me once. I have had it for a few months now and wish that I had found it sooner .
Very good product. I recommend it. Is you are looking for a good projector this is a amazing alternative. No doubt .
very good quality material. Although I haven't worn it yet but, I can't wait to wear it! I ordered a medium due to previous reviews gave me the idea that I shouldn't order a large and im glad I didn't because the medium fit perfect .
fit very well. My daughter loved the shoes. will probably order them in different colors. Can't beat the price. Thanks .
Need to add stickers for access areas not covered by case for better blending of colors. My phone is red and it really stands out against the black background of the case. Howeverr I really do love the design and it holds on nicely .
The material was not what I expected. The feel was quite cheap and less than what I would wear. I gave it to a friend .
I am not satisfied with the product. Is not what I have expected.Not enough information to lure in the usersI would not recomand it .
Not what I was expecting.The voltage is not working on it to show the V for the car.Display is very dim.I have ordered a different brand.This product is not worth the price of 15.99Disappointed with the product .
Great movie, gets better and better every time. It does have an enigmatic quality which no doubt contributes to the almost near obsessive replay value. So many tiny gems that at the end of the day, you have a full treasure chest of memorable jewels .
don't be fooled by the picture. It does not contain pomegranate. Does  contain pomegranate flavor. this is basically pomegranate flavored candy covered in chocolate. Don't be fooled by the picture .
Goes into so much detail of every Zelda game made and has a lot of artwork. Couldn't have asked for a better Zelda book .
When I got it in the box amazing but when I put it on it was not as firm as some if my other friends and the bottom thing for the charger spot keeps falling off! The front cover for the screen really touchy I actually took it off that's how bad it was and it said it was new not used! So not happy considering getting a new one .
Good reason to read a book and never put it down. I was really enthralled b  the book.David O .
This was labled for children, but I'm a senior citizen and I enjoyed it very much.  The pictures are very pretty, the sound very good, and the variety of birds excellent.  I learned a number of bird calls I did not know before .
Don't waste your money and time. It doesn't really work besides it only 20 bucks from dish. So just spend a few dollars more and get the real thing .
Awesome quality at a reasonable price. I was initially concerned that I wouldn't use all 100 cases, but I may have to order more. I have been able to get my craft room organized and can find stamps that I forgot I had. I would recommend this product highly to all the rubber stampers out there .
I loved this product. It looks exactly like the picture and is the perfect size. It is also very stylish for someone who does not want to spend a ton of money on a diaper bag .
It is very rewarding to listen to a piece of music that is not &#34;elevator music&#34; and very enjoyable.  Best results:  Listen in the early part of the day.  The effect is &#34;up and at em&#34; with a smile .
A grain of salt must be taken with the no exercise part, however on the whole, a good and rewarding read .
Different stories intertwined heading the same direction.  An exciting climax.  A warm hearted conclusion.  Once started, I could not put the book down.  It has been a long time finding an author such as Mr. Scott.  I am looking forward to his next offering .
well written and thought out, enjoyed it very much. author doesn't talk down to reader, but explains details well.good job .
noisemaker defective, only works when it decides to. frustrating for human if not the dog. wouldn't recommend this product for purchase .
I bought this cage for my two chinchillas because i wanted to put them together and have them be in a bigger can they were currently in. But when i recieved the package the first time not only were many of the parts rusted but they were bent or broken so i had to return it for another one. When I recieved the second one, it was still damaged but I wasn't going to return it because I had waited long enough to recieve it. Most of the problems I had to fix on my own which cause assembly to take longer than nessecary.But once it was assembled, it looked great and my chinchilla Coco (the other one passed unfortunately before he got to experience the cage) loves the cage. Its spacious and gives her alot of exercise room that she doesn't even know what to do with it.If i could have I wish I could have requested a fragile sticker or something on it in order to ensure the product is tampered with .
I've always loved Kingdom Hearts when I was younger but never had the system to play it on. When i finally got a PS3 I was excited to finally play all the games I hadn't gotten to when I was younger. The great thing about this version of Kingdom Hearts is that it can be played on the new PS3 models versus the regular PS2 games that are only compatible with the first few PS3 systems. I recommend this game for anyone who has a child and wants to keep them away from those violent shooters. I'm definatly going to buy Kingdom Hearts 2 when it's remade from what I read and also Final Fantasy X/X-2 when their remake is available in December .
This case is as cute as it is durable. Your phone sits in a rubber casing that fits very snug. Your phone won't be falling out .
Great product. Bought it for a friend and she loved them. No complaints. The blue lights are the best feature .
Only good for paper, peels off everything else as soon as it dries. If you are looking to paint on anything other than very porous paper do not buy.This is definitely NOT the same as the stuff we had in school. Purchased to use for a temporary window mural, but it peeled as soon as it started drying. It will stick if you apply hairspray to the glass but is transparent and comes off the instant anything touches it and forget applying a second coat or painting anywhere near finished areas such as outlines or a different color as the dry parts will immediately peel off if you so much as look at them the wrong way.If your looking for REAL tempera paint for anything other than porous paper this ain't it. The real stuff has been known to stay put for centuries this stuff comes off darn near everything you put it on almost as soon as it dries.As for overall value with shipping it was almost $50 for the set, a trip to the nearby "Walywurld" and you can get the same paint for maybe $20 .
It is what it is, which is basically the guts out of a $10 walkman stuffed into a somewhat decent case with a 1/4 inch plug and two 1/8" jacks.Literally all VOX did was tie the 1/4" plug into the playback head circuit with a trim pot to adjust distortion and slap it into a case with their logo on it.Sounds like crap even through cheapy headphones even my Bose headphones can't redeem the sound quality. Drags the tone of my Geddy Lee signature right down into the crapper...and it's pickups are capable of driving headphones without additional amplification! I'd hate to hear how bad this thing sounds with a cheaper bass.You could get the same quality rig by buying a cassette adapter, a 1/8" to 1/4" plug adapter and a cheapy portable cassette player spending on the high side $20...actually no, the DIY cassette rig would sound better .
Good for cheapy brushes.They are what they are.A high end set of sables they ain't, but then you can't even buy one good sable for the price of the set.I wouldn't recommend these for oil and canvas, but they're good enough for water colors, acrylics and tempera/poster paint .
Nice, doesn't run, very solid color when airbrushed.Fair warning goes on very vibrant and solid in color on buttercream and whipped icing but will fade significantly on whipped so spray it much heavier/darker than you are expecting the result to look like...I've never done it before but my wife with more than two decades experience doing cakes in bakeries walked me through it...our tie-dye cake started very, very dark and within an hour or so faded to a proper hippie tie-dye look .
I bought this set for the compressor.The only nuisance is it cycles a lot because it builds pressure very quickly...would be nice if cutoff and turn on pressure were adjustable to keep it from cycling so much, but for the price...On start up (especially the first time we ran it) it seems to struggle a little but it does not appear to be a major issue. It hasn't overheated even with long runs.The airbrushes are cheapy Badger clones but work well enough, as long as they are taken care of they will last for a long time. They produce nice lines, blends and fades. Three airbrushes with the compressor cost the almost as much one quality airbrush and no compressor, So it's pretty much impossible to come up with anything bad to say about them. You get what you pay for and then some. As I said above take care of them and they'll last, take the time to mix your paint and set them up right and they'll give good results. Bear in mind these are NOT a replacement for professional grade kit, but plenty good for hobby projects .
I was excited about this...but when I got it, it was so tiny...I don't know what I thought it would be but it's tiny...It was delivered on time and packed great .
I got this on time...I opened this and was not happy...It's really small toys...The price is ok but I expected more .
These are not really nice pieces...For the price I guess it's good...But I would not order this again..Sorry...It did ship ASAP .
I was so excited to get this in the mail...When I opened it the silver foil does not go all the way to the edge where the silver lip is and just ruins it...I would return it but it's not worth the cost to do so I am keeping it .
It's pretty except where the seams come together...and they look rough...course for the price it's not worth returning but I'm not thrilled with it .
These pads don't leak at all like the other pads do.The only draw back is the price. They do cst morebut they're well worth it .
I have had this case for a while and there is nothing wrong with how it is manufactured just the color. It has turned an ugly yellow brown color. I have tried everything to clean it even bleach! but nothing works. If you want an okay case get this case just in a different color .
I received my package; however there was nothing in it.  The package was open and item missing; nothing but the receipt was in the envelope. That was disappointing due to the fact that I needed the item right away .
Nice boot.fit as expected look very professional had no trouble with the boot.  Leather IS not real,but boot still looks great .
I learned a lot about lace wigs and types of glue.  I have tried three types of glue and nothing seems to work .
I wasn't sure they would be bright enough to light the interior of my small rv. They surprised me. I cut the strip in half and ran one down the underside of the cupboards on each side. Used a male plug from the charger of an old cordless drill I had for one and the female out of the drill for the other. Hooked them up,ran them to a switch and it's as bright as day in there in the middle of the darkest  night. I would recommend these to my friends and anyone else who wants inexpencive lighting for a motor home  or anything 12vdc. I need no other lights in mine.. Thanks, It's been my pleasure .
This bottle of gel lasts a long time. If you use about 1 pump of the product daily, it will last you 4-6 month. The product is great because it does not leave any flakes in your hair and remains soft and moldable long enough for you to style your hair. It leaves a nice shiny, hard finish and is a great value .
I was not like description, i try it with Nikon Coolpix P510 Camera, it was described as it work with this camera but it was very bad one, gives bluer images, the camera work better without this lenses except the filter lenses .
I was not like description, i try it with Nikon Coolpix P510 Camera, it was described as it work with this camera but it was very bad one, gives bluer images, the camera work better without this lenses .
I love it....but by the time I finish this game I will have paid 500.00 or more just to play. Why weren't we offered first bid on the stocks? The creators are crafty. Love the game but I will never finish.TOO MUCH MONEY .
This is the first time I've ever written a review about anything, but after the horrible experience I've had with this case, I'm hoping to save a few other people some frustration.  I had trouble right away with this case.  First, the screen portion had air bubbles in it and was wavy, making it hard to use the touch screen on the phone.  Then, when it got so bad that I couldn't press the END button to end a call, I decided to contact the company. After waiting on hold for about twenty minutes, the CSR informed me that it was a counterfeit case.  So, since this was given to me as a Christmas gift, I'm not the only victim... my mother in law, who gave it to me, is out the money she paid for it.  I am beyond aggrivated at this point.  Please, DO NOT buy this case .
I loved this one. I have both Inferno and just finished Rapture. A beautiful love story. Rapture was defintely better than Inferno, however, you have to read Inferno first to get the love story. I love how Gabriel is so in love with his beloved Julia. They are beautiful characters. I would love to see this in a trilogy to see how things go from here and follow the truest love story. And I would also like to see how the other characters in the book work out also. Racheal, Scott, Tom and his new romance, Paul (if the true friendship can last), but more than anything I'd love to see a reaction from Christa to know that she could not keep these lovers apart .
I used this in conjunction with the Green Coffee Bean Exract and I lost 10lbs. in 2 weeks. The price is great here. I bought the green coffee bean and rasberry ketone from a health store and it cost me $70.00 for both. Here I bought both and added the african mango extract for $45.87. Can't beat that. This is an all natrual product made by Essential Source, you can check their website and read about all the products they offer. I'm still waiting on my order hopefully will come in soon. I've been out for about a week and I can tell a difference in how I feel. I'm back to feeling blah. I hate that feeling. Hope this helps anyone wanting to try. Oh and it doesn't taste to bad, reminds me of a cough syrup. But you only take it 2x a day under the tongue for about 30 seconds then swallow .
It's not the best tasting in the world, but it's not that bad. You only hold it under your tongue for about 30-60 secondsn 2x a day then swallow. You can drink something afterwords. Besides, I lost 10lbs. in 2 weeks of taking it in conjunction with the rasberry ketone. So I can definitely handle the taste. I'm not sure what percentage the chlorogenic acid is in it. But however I did loose weight. And the first 2 bottles (green coffee extract and rasberry ketone) I bought cost me $70.00. So this time due to a friend I ordered here on Amazon and got both the green coffee bean and rasberry ketone and added the african mango extract for about $45.00. I'm still waiting on my order but hopefully it will come in tommorow. I've been out for about a week and I can definetly feel a difference. Also remember taking this in liquid form makes it work faster since it is absorbed immediately under the tongue. Also this product is completely natural absolutely no additives. It is from Essential Source. You can check their website on these and other products. They have other products that I will be getting in the future but I will be ordering it from Amazon (way cheaper). Hope this helps anyone wanting to try it .
When characters are so real you feel like you know them, or would like to, you become emotionally involved in their story.  You have to keep reading to see what happens to them and how their story will ultimately be resolved.  Until then, you can't let them go.  Those are prerequisites for a good read in my opinion .
This odorless gel really works!  Having a topical alternative to systemic drugs is preferable to me and no side effects .
my dog seems to know what the remote is for ,he doesn't understand where the sound is coming from but he has stopped chasing the livestock and the cat since I put the receiver around his neck, for the price it was well worth the investment .
I recently bought the tablet and keyboard they work great and compliment each other. Keys are just right size for my fat fingers. Going to buy my son one for christmas. Now I don't have to tug around my laptop! It not white, its silver but it goes good with the white .
Awesome tablet!  Works great and carries all the needed programs that I use!  The keyborad has the USB port and I recenly found a mini USB flash drive at best buy. Or Amamzon sells the adapter which is real nice too. The 32 gig memory is good enough for me as well as &#34;MY CLOUD &#34; file storage supported by ASUS. The only drawback is the camera is really only good outdoors (no flash). Got my tablet overnight via Fed Ex .
JUST RECEIVED THE 3 SATCO BULBS. NONE OF THE SPECS SHOWED THE DIAMETER OF THE GLOBE TOP. THESE ARE 5".  THE BULBS I HAVE PURCHASED IN THE PAST ARE 4.5" THE 5" ARE TOO BIG TO FIT IN THE TOOL I HAVE BEEN USEING TO INSERT THIS TYPE OF BULB.MY CEILINGS ARE 12ft HIGH, AND I AM TO OLD TO USE A 10 FOOT LADDER .
much quieter than a Hyundia that I purchased from amazon several years ago, a big mistake.reaches pressure quickly. I only use to blow out, so can't speak for how it works with tools .
I have used the NB811 shoes for years. it is now discontinued. I read the review of the new 812, and decided to change.Since I use a custom insert  in both the left and right shoe, i took a gamble that this would work. The stride is more lively then the 811, the support is as good, but my feet feel warmer( i live in Florida) when I am just sitting around. They are Not made in the U.S.A. I think once I get used to the difference that they will be fine for the live of the shoe .
This book guides you through the six weeks, give you choices so you are not eating the same thing everyday .
My UAG phone case is even better than I expected looks nice and protects my phone. I've dropped it several times and not evena ding. I highly recommend this product .
the Jolie Pleasures Plug is not that good of a product for a few reasons, first of all it is very soft and is very flexible which you may think is a good thing untill you try and leave it there without using the finger hold, i almost lost it inside myself on a few occasions that is why iv stopped using it, but if your looking for something that you don't just want to keep in place then i would recomend it just dont ever let go of the finger hold .
I ordered size for 2T but the pant didn't fit at all although he is 14 months !!! I live in jordan and was very annoyed .
Didn't like it at all .. It doesnt stick well i put it for one day then i removed it disnt like it at all .
love it but it isn't a boot its like a socks shaped like a boot .. but its a good one with the band .
Didn't like it , i ordered size 18-24 MN but it fits a 3 year old and the white cotton not beautiful .
This Mud Pie Set is really amazing and don't look up to the size chart i bought the 12/18 months for my 11 months babyhe looked amazingg .
It's not the exact one for my planer.  But I can make it work.  I believe the issue is with Stanley and their marking / nomenclature .
Since Army Basic Training I have tried to stay with Asics running shoes.  In Afghanistan the PX only carries Brooks and some other brand.  I was forced to buy the Brooks which hurt my feet and fell apart.  I found the Asics GEL-Extreme 33 on Amazon for a great price and bought them.  My feet are thanking me and I'm back to running.  I just completed 500 miles, and am heading to 1,000 miles.  Asics never let me down .
This keyboard protector is a simplistic covering keeping the keys clean, but the right hand side does not sit properly over the keys. This causes the right side to lift; it seems a few millimeters too wide to fit correctly .
All episodes except two were the same as season two. also it wouldn't play on My main dvd player.Played on computer and one dvd player that I don't use very much .
Great book,  Good story from beginning to end. can't wait to start part two . Can't wait to see if both of black ice son's meet and what will happen .
The game is awesome but it asks you for an update and then you can't play till Yuri get the update, but there is no update .
This should be everybody's go to when trying to lose weight. If you have to kick your metabolism in to gear I swear this is the only thing out there that actually works. Dr. Ian did it with this diet plan. I actually didn't lose much weight on it because I could not follow it myself. Its actually not hard to follow but in my home I live with the pickiest eaters in the world. My hubby and kids refused to eat the dinners I made so then I couldn't follow the plan and I was not making 2 different meals at dinner , that's a waste of time. Also I had trouble eating breakfast everyday I don't have time to cook eggs and the other stuff. But I tried to stick to it as much as possible and it does work because I had tons of energy. One day when my kids are older I pull the book out an try it again. It just doesn't fit into my lifestyle right now. But if you don't have the problems I have , it will work for you .
Fits all my pot lids perfect. I hang it on the wall because it wouldn't fit in any of my cupboards. I ended up painting is silver to match the stainless steel appliances.I wish it came in different colours. But it does the job .
I chose 3 stars because it was hard to mount on the wall. It was crooked when I received it. But I made it work. Plus wish it came with the bottles that fit in because the ones I have are too small and topple over. I mean you can fit any spice bottles in it but the bottle are sold separately which I don't feel like paying $30 for spice bottles .
This aquarium is sweet. I love the lights it makes your room glow. My only problem was the filter it came with is not very good. It doesn't keep the tank very clean. I would suggest getting something different if you want more than 5 fish. I found I was taking the water out and cleaning the entire tank every 2 weeks because of the build up algae and fish flakes the fish didn't eat. That's actually bad because your fish will be stressed from changing they're environment all the time. Most of the fish actually died Also do not put those claw frogs in there either, the tank won't be able to keep up with the mess they leave at all. I tried even putting a different pump in there but it just will not work because of the shape of the tank. I think if you want to buy this tank it has to be for looks only. To be able to maintain the aquarium and keep the fish healthy I suggest only having 3 very small fish .
Lights up the room with crazy colours. I bought it as a night light for my daughter. Has 8 different lighting options which is cool. But the lights change really fast which is kind of defeating the purpose of a night light. I thought the colour would change slower to be more soothing so it could help her fall asleep not be like a night club with flashing lights. It is very bright. Doesn't matter though she loves it and thinks its pretty. Its just a plus for me because saves me on hydro so she doesn't have her lamps on all night. It also come with batteries. Delivery arrived on time as well .
Honestly , this product didn't live up to what I thought it was. I purchased the Aquarius Aq360-6g Gloview 6-Gallon Aquarium Kit and this fish ordainment does not glow like I thought it. Its just a blue plant .
This package is awesome. The workouts are great you really feel the burn! If your out of shape these workout will kill until you get use to them. I was working out to the &#34;Lean Legs&#34; and I couldn't walk right for 4 days. Its worth it though. One thing about these DVD's, the trainer , I had a hard time not laughing at her. Maybe it just me but she wears the most hideous lip stick and its hard not to laugh at her faces she makes , so I breakdown laughing throughout the workout. But all laughing aside, you get great workouts .
It was delivered on time which was surprising which was great. Usually I buy bigger sizes just in case because you never want it to be too small. I ordered a medium and it is usually too small but the medium was a little big actually. But other then that great product .
It easy to sign paper because I don't have to trun on my computer and open my e-mail it take a long time.  I just to my tablet and download app and sign papers and send to someone .
I received a free copy of this book in exchange for an honest review*I&#8217;ll start off by saying thank to the author for allowing me to be one of the lucky people who received an ARC copy of this book. In case I somehow fail to make the point in my review the most important thing to know about this book is that it is really good and if you have not read it yet, you should.One of the things I noticed and liked about the book was the pacing. Normally an author will go slow and set up the story and each character so that you get to know them properly before the conflict of the book starts. While that is a good thing for books that are longer, it also means that for me at least since the good part is hardly in the beginning I am able to put the book down and come back to it later. This one however jumps right into the storyline without feeling rushed.I loved Jenna&#8217;s character. It&#8217;s been a while since I read a book with strong heroine who doesn&#8217;t lose her mind and opinion just because of a guy. Jenna was an independent and strong woman who did not back down to others despite them trying to intimidate her. I mean to go back to the small town where your mom got caught sleeping with the mayor and led you to being a victim of the vicious rumor mill takes some serious lady balls. Another thing I loved about Jenna was her loyalty. Without revealing spoilers, I will say that Jenna&#8217;s attitude towards some people was very admirable despite what was happening. Like I said earlier, she was a strong character who did base her actions on a guy.The relationship between her and Josh I really liked how he did not judge her despite of the rumors. I loved how protective he was of her and although sometimes his actions were misguided at times, I never doubted his feelings for her. Josh frustrated me with how he reacted to some things but it wasn&#8217;t until the end that it all made more sense although I could still not justify what he had done. However his redeeming quality was that he was just caught in a difficult situation and he was trying to do his best to deal with it.My one complain about the book is the length. Now I&#8217;m not sure if it&#8217;s because I'm used to reading 250+ page books that anything under that just seems like too little or that it was actually a little short. But yeah while the story was not rushed at all I would have liked for it to be a little longer and see some interaction between Jenna and other people who weren&#8217;t Josh.As far as the ending is concerned I have to say that I have had my fair share of experience with books where I do not like the ending. Then after a couple of days of thinking about it I will sometimes realize that the author had a good point in ending the book the way that they did (except for you John Green, your endings kill me). This book was no exception, I had mixed feelings about it at first but now I am glad that the author chose to end it that way because it was true to the type of person that Jenna was .
I bought one and after using for two weeks the push button of the pulse fell off and I could not find it .
This case was perfect for my daughters 3ds and she loved it. It fit perfect now I know she won't damage her game system .
Had problems pretty much from the start. Customer service was great helped me resolve the first issue froze up. Then it started acting up again a few weeks later and I just gave up on it. Nothing against the seller but this tablet is crap. It is slow even with added memory and now won't even boot up just says updating.....and never stops updating...no matter how many times you reset it .
I heartily recommend this book to health care providers working with the chronically ill, as well as faculty preparing providers to work with people living with chronic illness. In a world with myriad definitions of "health" and "healing", chronic illness cannot be fixed with medicine or surgery. Using a mix of personal stories and simple truths, Ms. Amsden's thoughtful and engaging book proposes a new way of looking at our lives, and our journeys. Medicine absolutely plays an important role, and it is most effective when people can approach it with a positive outlook. Share this book with your students. Share this book with each of your patients. Wherever life finds us, this elegant collection of stories prepares us for true healing .
I love these jeans!! They are a tad long but looks amazing around the waist and butt! When you walk in a room people can't help but to stare at these Jeans .
it said leather i thought it would be a better quality its ok just not as nice as i thought it would be .
I am never disappointed with Southern Living recipes.  This cookbook has great illustrations and directions for a avid cook or beginner .
Everything was shipped very fast. Loved the heat sink and fitted perfectly in my pc. Keeps my pc very cool and have nothing against it .
Liked the product worked great, but the thing I didn't like was that 3 of the 4 pins didn't actually bring 4 pins it brought 3 but even without it the fans worked great and ships very fast. Great product for good price .
This book really shows a person what it means to have Gods grace. When a person has Gods grace no matter what trial or tribulation that he or she might be going through with his grace you will know everything will be alright .
I remember reading this book as a kid. I saw it on kindle store and bought it. I was a little shocked when no one else in the house had heard it before. I read it to my grand daughter and she loved it and enjoyed the pictures very much .
I love it when an author can bring you into their made up world and make you feel like a friend, confidant, or family. Having a special child of my own I could relate to the teacher and her madcap class. I've also spent time in similar classrooms and enjoyed the uniqueness of each and every child. Her story drew me into their world and had me laughing so hard my family thought I had lost my mind, so I shared the passage so they could laugh with me. Read this book if you enjoy a book with strong women, you won't regret it .
It doesn't matter what name she uses, you are guaranteed an exceptional read.  The dynamic of the characters are hard to find, and she leaves you craving another peek into their world .
Loved the book just as the ones before it.  I started with the first one at school then my mom said there was a second book and she bought it and I couldn't stop figgiting for this book and it amazed me just as the ones before .
The first time I started reading this book, life interrupted. When I finally got back to it I had to restart it. It is a good book. One the will make it into my favorites. I appreciate that Jolie isn't led by her hormones as so many women in books are these days. She is also strong, but still needs her friends to center her without using them as a crutch .
I literally stayed up til 4:30 in the  morning reading this book. I got Bound by Blood yesterday. The lovely Mrs . Jackson has created a realistic storyline, that doesn't include sparkling vampires and I am hooked. My only real complaint  are the covers, if the man in book has long blond hair, then the cover should not have short dark hair!  Other than the cover this series is outstanding. Just what a person wants in a book ...... ..a bit of fantasy, comedy, romance, and mystery .
I was lucky enough to get Graveyard Speaks free and once I finished, I immediately went looking for this one. Haven't finished yet. A must read .
I really like this type of game. The storyline was predictable though. Gave five stars  mainly because it is a good time waster. It is not one of my favorites and may not play again. Had plenty of hunt and find but I felt some were pointless. They didn't need all they put in and the story would've flowed better without some of them but I think they wanted to make sure purchaser had more game time. Which I am all for. But maybe they  could've put in more mini puzzles n place of the pointless hunt and finds. This sounds bad and you may be wondering why I gave it five stars, the game played well with no glitches and it can't be easy to try to make a game to please everyone. G5 has never failed in making games I enjoy. They deserve the stars because I just may be too critical you should definitely try the game yourself. You will get your money worth of time spent playing .
In my opinion any game without PERMISSIONS is worth looking into. I happen to love word games and have some of this companies other word games. This game is very fun. Some of their groupings made me pause, but they did make sense, just remember they don't always go with  the most obvious answer. So far halloween is my favorite but Valentine's is easiest. Take a chance with this FAOTD, YOU will have fun .
I found this in the children's section of kindle books. This is not a children's book! This book is a soapbox for the author. And the poems are not "inspirational" at all. The author trying to label this a children's book is the most horrifying part of all. I understand her desire to teach children to find other supplements to replace what is found in meat, but there is nothing on God's green earth that would compel me to read this book to a child. I do have a question though, near the end of the book, she writes about a mouse that got inside her house. She does not say how she got it out of her house, why not .
I like games that aren't too easy. This one is definitely not too easy. It's also got a nice mix of games. My biggest problem with it is that it keeps wanting you to advertise for them in facebook. I don't go on Facebook and definitely don't want to let everyone know all my guilty pleasures. I wish that like sound effects there was a button so you could turn this off. Also, game lost the star because it asked me after every chapter to leave a review. If I like your game I won't need to be asked to review it. This should b knocked back to every fourth or fifth level. I didn't hit the don't ask again because I intended to leave one....so fix your game so it stops pestering people .
As a parent I try out the apps before giving to the kids. The app quit 3times with my first picture choice so I selected another. Using a stylus and my finger the app didn't respond well. No matter what I did I couldn't do the fine detail some of the pics required. I would not recommend this app. I have already deleted it .
I have played a lot of mahjong games over the years, this one isn't the worst I have played. The graphics are nice and the fact that I can turn the music and noises off is a big bonus. But the game is glitch. In the middle of play it will stop n boot me. That doesn't endear this version enough to buy the full version. If that gets fixed it will be one to buy .
I don't leave a lot of reviews but this app has been out a while an d deserves a review. When you get a free app it is hit or miss.  This is a great story. Read in a clear voice. Interactive part is basic, touch the animal and it swims away, giving the child the chance to count each before it zooms off the page. The only reason I didn't give five stars is because the page after the interactive animals it simply says &quot;2 Seahorses!&quot; for example but there are no seahorses.. I would have liked to have seen the animals too. Teaching your child anything involves a lot of repetition. Giving them another chance to count would've reinforced the number counted better.  But all in all, most free books are not always this well done. Thank you for giving us a great book .
Kids have clumsy finger. Please fix the size of images n number dots. Loves the amount of images. Don't recommend til updated with larger images .
I play this game to help me unwind while also working my brain.  I don't like the ads and constant pop ups .
This book was great. I got it for the kids but as I was previewing the book I started laughing. You can't help yourself! As you read you say to yourself this is what  this friend does and that one is done well by that friend. My husband likes to rate burps, but I really think Tristan has given kids, and adults, a start at setting up a fart rating system. Will definitely be looking for book two .
I enjoyed reading the depot. If you enjoy reading books that end on a cliff hanger, like a soap opera, then you will enjoy this book also. I personally do not like soaps. They are a waste of time. When I get the time to sit down and read a book I don't want to be angry with the author at the end of it. I choose short stories because they allow me to enjoy a little down time  without wondering when I will get a chance to finish a book. Unlike other prequels I have read this one actually leaves you feeling like some one stole your brownie after the first bite. Before you read this make sure she has published THe Library first .
I loved this book. After reading it I couldn't believe it was free. This book is very interactive. It gives you  a view from a telescope as well as a flashlight type effect so you can see in the dark surrounding main character. Also has a couple mini games. They  don't have to be played during the reading of the book but I can see that they appeal to kids. My 4 yr old granddaughter enjoyed this book.  As for myself I both enjoyed the story and the layout. Thank you for this great free book. I highly recommend .
Finding short stories that are great is getting harder to do. The story never felt rushed and felt like something you would hear sitting around a campfire with your friends. I will definitely put this in my favorites list and look for more by this author .
Amazing story! I would recommend this book to everyone.  I couldn't put it down.  I am impatient for book 2!  The characters are given with enough detail to draw you into their lives and have you rooting for them, or hating them. Gave 4stars because of all the errors, when you have to try to decipher what is being said it slows the pace and flow of the story .
I got this book as a freebie, and I am glad I did. If you want a great, quick read, this book is for you. I didn't find it scary or suspenseful but I had to know what happened next. The author doesn't fill the book with unnecessary information to draw out the story, just gives you a great story. I hadn't heard of this author before and now I am wondering why. As soon as I finished this book I went looking for Sinister Entity and when I finish it I will definitely go looking for his other books. Thank you Hunter Shea .
Sat down with my 4 yr old granddaughter thinking we would have a fun few minutes. Did not happen. A lot of the differences are miniscule. She quickly grew bored. I challenged others to spot the differences and no-one I asked could find all the differences. If u want a challenge then this is for you .
I loved reading this book. I hope the author writes more books about these interesting characters. Was a quick read but nothing was rushed. Characters had detail and kept you coming back to  find out what happens next. Plot had a twist I didn't see coming. Get this book and find a quiet corner! Enjoy .
It is a fun game. Putting picture together myself to get answer would've been better. Not sure I trust an app that pays for ratings within first ten pics .
Couldn't beat the price so I thought I'd give it a try. It's faster paced than some of the other games out there, which I like. Works well on my kindle. So far. Wonderful for relaxing .
So i picked out a few of the free puzzles, one of them was the sea shells pack. I was down to the last two pieces. I looked at the last two pieces, then went back and swiped my finger over the puzzle to see if I had messed up. Nope, the last two pieces didn't fit the two spaces I had left. I realize I am using a free puzzle but this doesn't induce to buy the app. Otherwise I love the game and enjoy playing. Except when I have left over pieces that don't fit puzzle .
I am looking forward to trying some of these recipes out. Unfortunately one of the best sounding recipes does not have ingredient list...the Bavarian mint...would love to try it. I didn't find many recipes I won't try in this book...except maybe the one recipe with no coffee added. I do recommend this book for anyone that likes coffee with a little spice. I will come back and update this review once I have tried a few .
Because of the pics on the cover and the description I thought this book would be good for younger kids. This book is not. This book would be enhanced with descriptive pics so a kid would know where in the body the author is describing. Facts are fine but they are not going to keep a child's attention long enough to learn them .
This is a really nice book. Haven't made any of the flowers yet but when I do I think I will combine some of the flowers to give a more realistic /3D effect. It will be fun to play with these patterns and see what I come up with. My only problem with this book was that some of the flowers looked rushed and sloppy. Thank you for the book. I love that this book  has sparked my and my daughter's imagination. The finished photo of the flowers were great, I've got other books where the photo of finished project was not included and the pattern itself wasn't clear. This book also jumps right into the patterns with the understanding that person reading the book has a basic understanding of  crochet. Most books out there start by teaching crochet. Which is nice, but most people looking for patterns are doing so because they know how to crochet and are looking for something to make .
I downloaded this app the last time it was offered for free because of the rave reviews. I didn't play it more than an hour before removing it from my kindle. It just didn't hold my interest. I wish I understood the reasoning behind offering it a second time. It's not that good an app .
I got this app as faotd. I listen to audiobooks and play this game to unwind before bed. Problem is if I don't set an alarm I lose track of time, which in my opinion is what makes a good app. It has enough settings to let you choose exactly how difficult  you want it. The animations are cute but eats the batteries .
I find it interesting that the investigator in this vampire game looks like Keanu Reeves. When he talks, with that British voice, it throws me a little. I wouldn't say fixing things in the boiler room are adventurous, but maybe that's why I don't get paid the big bucks. I'm not very far into the game but so far I have no idea where it's going. So far the games seem pointless. But try the game for yourself. It's not the worst game I've ever played but I'm not sure if it'll make it to my faves list either .
My mom  and sister started teaching me to cook atAge 11. In turn I started teaching my son's when they were 11. I taught them the same way I learned, a little of this and that. Worked great til it was my youngest son's turn to learn. He can only cook be recipe. It was so frustrating for both of us I stuck to box meals. They are all adults now but I think this book will help him. Everyone should know how to cook for themselves. It not only saves money but when they sit down to eat a good meal they cooked, it gives them a sense of pride and accomplishment..my youngest is now learning and just like her brother's, I enjoy watching her face after the first bite. The smile she gives herself is amazing .
I love bats. So in turn I have tried to teach my kids to love them. Most kids love to learn big words. At 2 to 3 yrs old they knew what echo location. I realize this book was meant as an overview but come on, telling someone that a bat sees with their ears and then not to tell them how they do it is just poor story telling .
Wasn't sure about this game at first, but I really enjoyed playing. The quilt pictures you are uncovering are beautiful. I recommend this app or others by GabySoft,  I haven't found one yet that didn't entertain me while I wasted time. The one thing I'd like to see included, and my reason for only four stars, is to give this app some type of penalty. You can just stumble along pushing buttons and still uncover the picture. I would also like to see an option of timing the puzzles, or something so that there is some way of showing you improvement in the game. But I would like these to be optional so that a kid can stumble along and uncover the pictures without penalty like the game is set up now .
This title was very misleading. I thought there would be patterns. Even one would have been nice. Title should have been Websites to help you learn to crochet for baby.....oh wait, you don't need a book after reading that title! This book started out like it was going to share a pattern, kinda, then it jumps to web sites that allow you to print patterns. Overall this book was confusing. If I could I wouldn't have given any stars .
I can appreciate wanting to try to help others by sharing your expertise. However, proofreading is really mandatory if English is not your first language. I read the reviews before getting this but thought it couldn't be that bad. I'm sorry, but it's worse. Ms. Martin please make the effort to have this edited. You've got me curious now as to exactly what square hooks and Japan hooks are, not to mention what some of the other information refers to.  I am always hungry to know more, and if you fix this I guarantee I will update my review .
Picture on cover is what you are being taught in this book. If you are looking to learn how to crochet, this is not the book for you. Actually, I learned by watching videos on YouTube. Then I looked at books, magazines and tv shows. This book has information. It has one pattern followed by more info. It's not a bad book but title is misleading. I suggest you get this book while it's free, but use it as a guide and one of your tools to help you learn to crochet. But be aware that it won't teach you in your first steps of crochet .
I was amazed by a lot of the information I found in this book. I will actually reference this book in the future, which is not something I can say about a lot of books I have looked at over the years when looking for natural and preventative foods. I didn't give five stars because after only a couple pages I could tell the author is not a native English speaker. Some of the wording set the information of balance and I had to reread to try to figure out what author was trying to say. Not because of spelling errors either. I think Mrs Cooper did an amazing job. The book is full of great information, just please have the book proofread by an English speaking person. I would happily come back and update my review and give five stars .
If you buy the tulip kit this book probably covers what's in each kit.  I found this book to be sparse. I expected to see a pic at end of each project. Especially since some were done in different colors from beginning pic. Gave four stars because it is what it says. Unfortunately what isn't said is that it is one long tulip tie dye commercial .
I heard her on the radio and I must of bought the wrong CD cause the songs I head are not on it. Very bummed .
This back pack is your standard Jansport bag, but the quality is perfect. I can see myself using this for me entire college career. The straps are comfy, the bag itself is not too bulky or large but like a tardis, it's bigger on the inside than it appears .
I got this for my boyfriend as a Christmas gift because he's been wanting to get a big tattoo but he doesn't have the funds for it. Naturally, I saw this as a very fitting gift for him. It's bigger than I had expected, which is good because then it can hold more change. All in all, it's a cute and funny lil' bank and it did make me crack up when I took it out .
My boyfriend bought this for me as a Christmas present after seeing it on my wishlist and I adore it. The pattern is really cute and it fits my Macbook Pro 13&#34; perfectly. Some people say that it's either too big/too small for their laptops but I also have a transparent case on my Macbook which makes it a tad bigger in size so it fits nice and snugly in this case. As for the smell, to me it smells like a brand new pair of shoes, which I love, so it's not bothersome at all. Even if that scent is bothersome to some, the scent does ware of. Overall, I feel very comfortable putting my laptop in the case and keeping it in an overnight bag or duffel bag. I also have some room to store my charger and a pair of head phones so it's perfect for traveling with all my computer needs .
Purchased 12 of these units for conducting roadside work.  They work well for their purpose, but with wear and tear, the top cap falls off and becomes unusable (until duct tape is applied).  Aside from that, a good purchase based on price, but needs to be handled with care.  Not designed to be used as miniature lightsabres, but can withstand this type of abuse .
This screen was a perfect fit for my sony xperia play.  I have been using the replacement part for a few months now and it is operating with no issues.Screen allows for a easy repair job and can be done in approximately 10 minutes.  Well worth the money for the part versus a new phone or paying someone else to fix .
The doll did not come with the stylus pen and when doing with hands its not as cool to the child .. Thumbs down .
Great book!!Couldn't put it down once I started reading it!What a great love story! Shows you can over come a lot when you have that kind of attraction and love .
Love this book!  I can not wait for the next one! If any one is interested in a good series, the White House Chef is the one to read.  The recipes are great too .
Speakers are loud and clear. They work great! Ive had no problens with this product. A great buy.  Sooo..... yeah .
size was not stated in ad so I assumed they were the size from the eye doctor.  They were quite a bit smaller which limits what they can be used for .
i did not get my memory saver i still want it icant buy any thing from you till i get my tool STILL WAITING .
I think it has very valuable contents, very useful for medicine students who want to learn antimicrobials.I don't like the one page format, because if you want to study a table, you need to see the left column and the upper crow of the table. With the actual format you can't see both, because the tables are divided in two parts. Also you can't read it in a iphone, if you want to see it in the hospital, for example .
This is the funniest book I can remember reading, I laughed out loud through the whole thing, have read Marian Keyes before and this is her best so far. Can't wait to read about the rest of the Walsh sisters .
Great read, not my favourite Lesley Pearse but still good! Interesting plot, didn't want to put it down! Yes I would recommend it .
This book has me anticipating its next volumes! I literally could not put it down and spent the entire second half of the book gasping or with my mouth agape! My emotions ebbed and flowed along with the characters.  I am left with an appreciation for men of integrity and feeling completely empowered as a woman .
A very bad quality it is very expensive and it is diferent in the picture. Idon't like at all. Sorry .
I personally loved both movie's. So, I won't to say I just doubled my pleasure. I would recommend if you like this kind of show .
They are comfy is why I chose them. I have no other comments to say about this pair of houseshoes .
Hope to never need it but when it come to electronics you can never be prepared enough, but better to have and not need it to need it and not have it .
Who can have any type of play station or x box and not have Madden football????? Get it and go touchdown's .
If you have iphone 5 do not purchase it is not compatible and does not work!!! Don't waste your money on this. IT DOES NOT WORK .
My husband has been resisting his urologist's recommendation of surgery for over a year because of all the horror stories he had heard about the after effects of surgery.  His problem was a a very enlarged prostate.  The doctor said the medications were not working as each visit showed no reduction in the size of his prostate. He bought a bottle of this and used it for about 3 weeks (along with his prescribed medication) prior to his next urologist visit.  The doctor said that he no longer needs surgery.  Although, the doctor thought it probably had nothing to do with the Life Extensions, we know differently.  He ran out of it and his problems with flow, speed returned almost immediately.  (He had tried other OTC saw palmetto in the past and had no results.)  This has made my husband extremely happy because surgery is no longer in the picture .
This is a beautiful leather case.  I thought I had ordered brown, but apparently not as I received a black one.  Exceptional quality .
The left earbud broke as soon as I took it out of the package. Cheap quality. Don't recommend them at all .
This very basic travel bag is much larger than I expected. It comes with a flat bottom insert that makes it easy for packing. Shoes can go in either of zippered sides. I put my phone charger in the front zippered compartment. I believe that it is not airline quality but for road trips it is perfect. It could be more attractive but for the price you can't beat it .
one cover is broken when I receive it!!! why? I can't believe..I wait more than 2 months. how shall I do .
I am an avid maker of rubber band figures and bracelets, etc.  I came across these Rainbow Braid bands and decided to give them a try.  So many bands made by other companies did not hold up to the rigors of looming them, let alone keep from breaking or lasting very long once made.  All I can say is the Rainbow Braid bands are awesome.  I made several action figures for the neighbor children and the bands held up to all the stretching and pulling making action figures require.  I would definitely buy these again and I recommend them to everyone.  Thanks Rainbow Braids for making an awesome product .
I like the color and durable quality of the cover's fabric.  It's not fancy but serves a practical purpose to keep a household applicance clean and secure .
Wallet has the capacity to hold what I need -- various cards, paper money, coins and keys.  Its appearance is acceptable, and I like the window that shows my driver's license without having to take it out of the wallet.  However, the wallet's coin purse is not durable.  The fabric inside the leather cover has frayed, and the snap is coming loose.  I've had to use tape to hold the cover together .
Its easy to install and hopefully will last longer than the three years the first one did.  It seems sometimes my two dogs both want to enter/exit at the same time and that was the cause of failure of separtation of one of the segments.  Nowhere in the instructions does it tell me how to teach my dogs, ladies first to avoid this problem .
These jeans fit perfect. This is the second time I've bought them. They're the exact color that is shown and are delivered fast. I hate shopping in the store. I get what I want and I don't have to leave my house .
does not tell tool size or ring size .
The case does it all for me. Its one of the best all around cases out there. It functions as a stand that works in every position. You read reviews about the tablets slipping out of the grooves and falling. I have never had that problem with this case. It stands up very sturdy and to a great amount of poking and pressure. It also has a great slim profile that makes it easy to take anywhere. Its an awesome case .
The characters are unpredictable & Norma somehow believes everything's okay with her sultry adolescent demeanor and ways. Love it! You never know what will conspire next. Next season, I'll wait to purchase the whole season because it drives me crazy waiting for the next episode .
This cost me $1.29 and it works better that any charger I have ever bought.  This even has a safety release so It will not come undone during travel. Great price and works perfectly .
Was easily applied and seemed thick and works great and arrived very fast. I have dropped it since i applied it and not a scratch .
I am very particuliar about the wallets I purchase.  It must have several card slots and at least 2 zipper compartments.  This wallet has that and more! It is so soft and the zipper work great.  the front compartment is perfect for change. I got the Espresso color and I love it.  It holds my checkbook and I still have room for extra things if needed.  I would usually never pay this much for a wallet, but I got tired of the cheapies breaking on me.  This is very well made and I should have this for years to come.  I would highly recommend this to everyone .
These sandals are VERY cute, don't get me wrong, I just didn't expect them to be so cheaply made. They definitely can't be used for every day walking, but if you just want them to look cute, they're great. They were alright for how much I paid for them though so I can't complain too much .
WOW! I received a Pilot Acroball Pure White pen from Influenster for testing purposes and it was AMAZING! I used it to write an entire research paper and GUESS WHAT... Unlike most pens, it wrote smoothly and didn't smudge at all! It was so much cuter than a regular pen and felt better while I was holding it, but I didn't expect it to write so much better too. I would definitely recommend this pen to everyone .
The fabric is very soft. Appears to be well made. For this low price you can not go wrong. I like that it is reversible .
I have to say that not only is this book amazing but also it answers everything I could have ever asked. I have read both of this authors books and they are just perfect! I love this book and I refer back to it very often. I find it hard to get help in the area I live as I work so much and theres not anywhere to go to be taught. This book has already taught me a great deal. It not only covers how to throw but also the position you should be in and common errors. I am also going back to the author's website (pottery-on-the-wheel.com) and reading the blogs posted there as well as they can be very informational and helpfull too. I cannot wait for this author to produce a third book.SincerelyKatrina from Florida .
I was researching MSM pills for my hair, but stumbled across info about the cream for skin. After reading the reviews, I ordered a jar. I am now on my 3rd jar and LOVING IT! I was the queen of acne/oil face crap, and now only use this!! My prescription face cream can't even compare to this!! I have my sister and mom both using it now. I had super oily and acne prone skin, and now since using this after washing my face, it has disappeared! I hope they never stop making this stuff .
i love my new island. I had to have a contractor put it together for me, but it was well worth it. The only thing is one of the cabinet doors were a tad off, but no biggy! Also, the corners stick out further, so watch it when you're standing up close and go to walk away... I stub my toes on them all the time .
These are ok I guess. I bought them for P3 of the HCG Diet since there are no sugar, syrup, etc.I probably would not buy them again, but I will finish them no problem. There just really isn't much of a flavor at all .
I am the HCG Queen, so anything even remotely related to it, I am going to check it out. This was the worst dressing I have ever tasted in my life. It is pure water with ZERO taste. For almost $16 a bottle, this is A JOKE! I also ordered the other flavor; same thing. I am extremely disappointed, and prefer my OACV and Lemon Juice dressing I make myself, for a fraction of the price. I cannot believe people are saying this is good .
This book is beyond perfect and the ensuing is just so adorable I feel like if you read looking for Alaska and then read this book you wouldn't be able too contain your feels it's a great book I promise you worth reading .
It is always good to read a wonderful story. No. Bad words no fighting. You are made to feel like your part of the family .
great book love Joyce she does not hold back .
this i mounted under my cabnet. i read other peoples coments. I put the screws going down the cabnet from the inside then cut just a small amout off the screw so it would not touch the light. worked great. instead of the screw sticking up into the cabnit .
love this game was on it a lot fun and intertaining.  keeps the mind working. no bordom when you play and time goes by fast .
I used it and it worked great  can't see the screen during the day . got me to my destination no problem .
have this in both cars so i am ready to go with my gps witch is very helpful so i don't get to lost .
so so...kind of over rated lol.  It didn't come out as clean as I wanted to at the end and alcohol scratched it up .
I don't use my phones internet due to all the other device I have so the mobile hotspot use battery power. This is a great solution to my power or having to be connected to an outlet problem. fits great and the silicon covers that you can get on amazon fits perfectly over the hard case .
I love this game I have found myself playing for hours in one sitting. Ads never get in the way I barely notice them. I love that you can play against the computer in solo games and that it does not force me to play on line with friends. I have never had a problem with the game. I highly recommend it .
I'm going to be honest. My love of this game stems mainly from my nostalgia towards it. I opened up this baby on Christmas '03 and from then on it defined my childhood. Let me also be the first to say that this is NOT a genre-defining revolutionary 3-D platformer such as Super Mario 64 or Banjo Kazooie/Tooie, the likes of which it very obviously emulates. It is, at heart, a gigantic fetch quest with only very basic gaming mechanics that anyone who's played the aforementioned games would recognize in a heart beat. All that sounds pretty underwhelming, so why do I like it so much. Well, it's not just nostalgia. The game comes with 13 huge levels to explore, all based directly off of areas from the show. The designers did a perfect job of matching the game world to what we know from the show. Every inch of this game oozes Spongebob, from the sky being decorated with flower clouds, to the absolutely amazing voice-acting. The writing in this game is off the wall hilarious! The music varies from place to place and isn't anything special, it does its job adequately, except for the boss music which is honestly some of the most epic video game tunes I've ever heard. Speaking of bosses, the three main ones are terrific and some of the best I've ever fought. The visuals are not technically the greatest but they fit the art style of the show and you immediately forget the fact that they've aged quite a bit in 9 years. The gameplay is your standard 3-D platforming fare, with added twists (like tongue-boarding) combined with the overall zaniness of each level that keeps things surprisingly interesting. The game itself is relatively easy to get through, but there are some missions that really stand out as very challenging. 100% completion will probably take about 15-20 hours on the first try, so it does have a very good length. But what stands out the most is the developers' love of the show, and it's obvious once you start playing. If you are a fan of the show, this game is a MUST-BUY! No questions asked! It is an interactive extension of the show that manages to pack every bit of joy from the cartoon into a tiny disc and actually do it right. It is NOT a sloppy licensed title by any means, and trust me, Nickelodeon has made TONS of those. This game is a joy to play and it defined my childhood. I hope you can enjoy it to .
I have a scion tc and I absolutely love this lanyard. It clip just right so nothing falls off the hook .
projector was okay if its all the right spots the only thing that sucks is that the marks it leaves after you applied a screen protector to your phone. it's not clear you can still see the marks and indents of where you try to put it on .
what this for my mother in law and it doesn't fit on right to the screen. The case won't snap on niw because the screen protector .
I bought this for my mother-in-law who just got this cell phone and Iy Didn't fit right. It hangs of the side .
These seat covers were everything I wanted they match my car and it has a leopard print but I put them on and they don't fit my seat right and was told they would and I have to fix them all the time never stay down. insides are falling out and I have only had them for a couple of months .
I got three pieces was spouse to be 12 inches they was and measure 36 inches cost way to much to ship back don't by big lie won't order from amazon again .
Unfortunately, Exposed did not work for my skin. In fact, it made it worse after using it for two months. It made my skin extremely oily and break out more than normal. I did return the product .
This fragrance is super cheap, yet smells great. My son loved it and so do I.  His first fragrance, and will buy again, plus it's name brand. If you haven't smelled, do give it a try. I doubt you'll be disappointed .
Received this on my porch on a Sunday. I was pleasantly surprised. Packaged well. I give three stars only because the 11 inches were very deceiving.  This is the smallest doll my daughter has. It's cute with its little creases and such, but I could have found something at Toys R Us for the same price, and bigger.  Not to say I won't order from them again, I will just have to get a bigger one. My daughter loves it all the same .
WAS ALL SET FOR A DISASTER , BUT... this tablet is awesome. Connects to WiFi with ease. Downloads all the latest games easily and quickly. Response is great. Movies with out lag. For the price, for pre-teen boys, this tablet cannot be beat. Wow, surpasses my expectations .
Got this for my 18 month old daughter.  It's simple and cute. Effective counting with praise for completion. Definite 'gotta get it'  for young children. No pop-ups .
Starts off really cute. Soft and colorful. But after one washing... fades a lot. After two washings even more. The sheets are now see through. Don't get me wrong it hasn't fallen apart or ripped, but the lack of color fastness is enough to make me wish I had bought a different set, and I had bought two. So if you're getting it for a bed that your not going to wash, go ahead. But you might want a little better quality if you have to wash behind toddler boys .
Fits good, no bulk. Loosens up a little, and will slide down. Sure I can fix it . Cute and worth the money .
I probably didn't read as much as I should have. You know, the fine print. I checked the ratings to see if it was appropriate for my kids. To my surprise , all I got was a very slow going story, comic book style. Then an opportunity to buy the full version. Looks to have potential, however without trying it, didn't buy it .
What's not to like . It's like Candy Crush but the graphics are more enticing and appealing. Simple consistent game play. Cute, cute, cute .
My 4 year old and myself love this. Lego games are often complicated. This is perfect for younger kids who love the Lego getup but are to young for the system games. Hope for upgrades or more of the same types of games. No ads .
I enjoyed this book, i literally couldn't put it down. However, it reminds me of a generic brand of 50 shades of grey. It is still a good book and i recommend it to anyone who liked 50 shades of grey .
I could not put it down! The book was good but the only thing I will say is I think Rene fell in love to fast .
Jordy PalloEsta novela es  muy interesante, en sus cap&iacute;tulos nos narra circunstancias que se viven en la actualidad, ademas Santiba&ntilde;ez es un excelente contador de historias, debido a estas caracter&iacute;sticas hace que el lector siga atrapado por el suspenso.Utiliza un lenguaje muy directo, no utiliza tantas figuras literarias lo que hace f&aacute;cil de entender la novela, usando oraciones claras.Pude leer esta obra literaria la pude leer en el taller de lenguaje II y definitivamente la puedo recomendar, ademas podemos entender mejor la literatura ecuatoriana .
I would recommend this product to anyone who wants to provide a safe & secure housing for cats.  it is all the description said it was.  I put it on my front porch.  We had very heavy rain that night.  I checked the inside of the house and it was not wet.  I also bought a self warming pad for the inside ot the house which makes it very warm for the cats .
But I was able to make it work. Sturdy plastic, decent lock. I do wish that the hinges were a bit stronger but no bad .
I received this product two weeks after ordering,what made it so bad was i tracked this item an it was.in my city to only end up in the next state the following day.i was not at all impressed an i would never order from them AGAIN .
I really love this product works perfect with my packge of nike Ipod and sensor 100%recommendable for people who don't get nike sho's .
Get what you pay for. The wires came outta one side and stopped working. not good for hot swapping. but it does the job. if you need something immediately buy this. if not don't bother. fast shipping though .
My daughter has thick hair and I hate the blowdrying process but with rhis product I don't mund and neither does she .
I luv the mommy wigs I have numerous  colors ,they run out of #1fast in the beauty shops.so I order this color online,this my second one from here ,,only reason it's not a 5 because of the way it shrinks when you wash it .
This is the best ever like I mentioned on another review I ordered 3 so far 2gueen&1full..easy and quick assembly my 16 mth old granddaughter helped ,,does not make noise ,,very strong,, but then noticed after I started to order by third one the price had went up tremendously..high in demand now ..I was gonna order more as gifts for others not affordable now..All- in- all still 5 .
This product did nothing ..waste of money,, along with the face cream..should have gotten a refund but didn't I know next time .
I like the tight fit ,my first waist cincher you can definitely see results the first time wearing it,the second day it was a lil looser,,I just ordered another one aswell,both in a large,..prompt delivery had the first one for a week now today 3-30-14 is my third day wearing it ,, the other one is scheduled to arrive 4-1-14 since it's by the same person it should be 4* too,the reason it's not 5* is because of the itchy feeling and marks it leave on you,,I keep it on for atleast 12hrs. as I go about my day .
This is a really great glove for the price. They are definitely not a weather glove, but for warmer weather above 55 degrees, they are perfect. Very comfortable, and I am able to feel the movements of the throttle well with them. Very durable material so far. Will see how they last thru the season .
Have not got a chance to ride long with these. But they were easy to install (used small amount of dish soap), and when I sat on the bike and just played with throttle, it was a lot more padding and felt comfortable. We will see how they hold up to this weekend after a few hours of riding .
The quality of this helmet is awesome, it is well over a $100 helmet at a $50 price. Visor doesn't fog up much or anything, fits well and is comfortable on long rides. Going to buy a tinted visor to go with it .
I bought this bag specifically for using on a motorcycle, will see how it holds up. There is no padding on the actual strap of the sling, but I can easy add some if needed. It will hold my water bottle and some small items and snacks while out for a ride .
I really LOVED this book. And there are several reasons:First, good reading. It s very interesting just to read this book - interesting to follow life and development of writer, to know about unique personal experience of Liu PingSecond, very educational. It shows China from completely different point of view. You see from inside all historical events took place in China thrue the eyes of real reagular people who lived them throe. We (westerners - as we are called in the book) don't have real picture of the country, its culture and people. And book of Liu Ping opens your eyes and make you think different. After this book I decided to read more about China - about it's history - so similar and at the same time so different from RussiaThird, very emotional. This book gives you so much positive enegry, fills you with optimism and desire to live your life and fight for your dreams. It motivates you to work hard and study more to improve your professional skills and make personal growth.So, I would stongly recommend this book to everyone who is interested in world history and looking for insperation. And for all who want to read about unique and motivating life story of success .
A highly known skylander in all of the skylander fans, Trigger Happy is back and better than ever in Series 2. You know, this tech-element skylander will never grow old around the world. He came in the Skylanders Spyro's Adventure starter pack ( along with Spyro and Gill Grunt). He still is rocking with his golden pistols and safes. His pistol and safe path are the same, but he has an awesome wow-pow power now. While using the golden machine gun, press the primary attack to fire out a mega blast.Even if you already have Series 1 Trigger Happy , you should buy this one to ( I'm not crazy people). Overall he is like the best one so far in the tech element ( my opinion). Leave comments or questions on Skylanders Giants .
Chill is a water skylander, which means she can swim in water (unless you can fly over it). Overall, she is very speedy in the game and has a good long range attack throwing a ice spear. Although, her figure is fragile and she dies easily if it is against a bark demon or a arkean sniper. Basic thing is, the spear does everything. If you don't get the spear path, you'd do 14 damage. But if you did, it would do over 20 damage. At first she looked well, bad, but when i found out her catch phrase was "Stay cool" , well that got me. So it might not be that bad if you bought her at least she isn't like drobot. Come one people lightcore is only 12.99 while normal is 9.99. I hope you like my review. Leave any comments or questions about Skylanders Giants. :- .
Is it a yeti or an ice man? No its the fierce yeti of the water element, Slam Bam. Despite not being a giant, Slam Bam is one power house with his four arms. He'll devastate anything in his way. This is one must have skylander in your collection. His upgrades paths; his brawler fighter path, and his ice prison path. Both are very good but when you get to his soul gem, you need to find it in Empire of Ice which in this single character pack, does not come with. So you have to buy another Slam Bam with his adventure pack. Overall, you would still be pleased with him throughout the game. I hoped you liked my review. Leave any comments or questions about Skylanders Giants. :- .
Drobot, the new lightcore character from the tech is not being sold a lot. Why? Well first you can't switch paths, you have to reset it. Anyways, he helps a lot whens its like four Arkeyan Defenders or Axecutioners. His attacks are pretty weak, but his soul gem makes his thrusters damage enemies. Activision really needs to think it again. You know, I thought Activision was going to take a step forward in Skylanders, but didn't. The blasters and bladegear paths don't really make a difference in the character and really I think you can expect more from the giant, Bouncer in this case. I wouldn't say that Drobot is the worst in my conclusion, but that drobot isn't like the rest of the Skylanders. Leave comments or questions on Skylanders Giants. :- .
Another new giant, Bouncer joins the tech element. He has finger pistols kinda like Trigger Happy. He can also fire off rockets from his shoulders. Later in the game, you,ll get an "I-beam" (basicly eye lasers). He is a good skylander for long range attacks and as well for button-masher people. He has a path about futher devoloping his rockets (which I choose) and one for his fingerguns and lasers. Overall , I think Activision needs to go back to the drawing table and make a change because you should expect more more from a giant than this ( please don't sue me Activision). Well there might be a reason why they did this.  Also see my Trigger Happy review for anyone who reads this or just likes to button mash a lot.Leave comments or questions on Skylanders Giants. :- .
I have love hair and with the rollers it really helped the straightener to glide down and perfectly straighten my hair. I like it.  I even use it on my daughters long hair and she doesn't complain one bit. We both would say go ahead any get it ...oh yeah and itcworks better then my other 2 pricier straighteners .
love this book!!! even 20 years later when i can read it to my daughter...the Bernstein bears never disappoint...highly recommend .
love this book...i highly recommend this book for a great exciting story that you do not want to end...onward to book 3 .
It didn't fit in my g&g cm16 raider long. don't buy it if u have a combat machine, or just don't buy it at all .
it is not working  always says error . i was thinking this item will make me happy to check my blood pressure but when i try to use it says error than i was thinking may be battery is weak so i buy another battery and use same error is came , i am give up to check and check again  so i am not try again .
Adapter does not work at all and the connector that goes to the laptop is loose. Also, capacity of adaptor is lower than that ordered .
Accurate, precise, and great weather alerts. Don't need to watchr listen to weather reports any more. Would like to see times and temps listed for a two or three day period instead of scrolling .
Easy to use as well as quick and accurate, this app is great. There are no bugs and it doesn't freeze. Fast to open and close .
This is a thinking person's movie. It is experiential as well as cerebral. I don't know if I'll ever understand all of it and thats ok. It might be intended to be that way.It is hard to imagine how the actors, writers and directors accomplished this.  All deserve high praise. Roger Ebert gave it 4 out of 4 stars and watched it three times, which is exactly what I'm going to do. If not 4 or 5 times .
Love this app. Sometimes the answer is obscure but overall it's a fun game. When you identify the bands, remember what they looked like then, not now .
If you live the life of a digital nomad, like myself, you will find this monitor amazing. I use it with my MacBookPro Retina computer (thunderbolt to displayport) and it works wonderfully. I've owned HP monitors before and never been real impressed with them. This monitor is closer to the DreamColor technology HP sells and is very high quality. I only wish it were just a tad bit lighter as 9lbs is still quite a bit but is not outside the range of easily portable in your suitcase :- .
This product did not work at all. The product looked & smelled like it was very old. The package was sealed when I received it but it looked like it had been sitting so long it started to leak. I will not purchase again .
Was not the movie that you would expect however he should have an oscar for this one, my friend that i got the movie for would rather see balls to the walls JCVD .
I did not know this item was fake until I compared it with my friend's newly purchased one at the mall. It is well copied if you don't care the detail , but you could obviously tell it is fake if you see real one. Material is low quality, voice muffled by case ,A built-in screen protector is bad quality and hard to see, etc.. Not even a well-made copy.  I regret not realizing this sooner .
Tool does exactly as advertized but crankshaft really doesn't need held the only way it can be turned or moved is by hand .
NYC will never be the same after JIM. Three squirrels and a goth chick can change your perspective, and you don't have to be afraid of getting too dark .
Recorded in 2010, you'll find a few familiar rants and toons from his popular web series on this comedy album, but notably this fills in the gaps for the storyline of Germaine's nervous breakdown. I'm glad that JIM keeps it fresh by including Pillz-e and Begley (as I began to miss the squirrel punk Brit ex-pat- think Sid Vicious), in his never-ending NYC cultural/social commentary. He's ballsy as ever telling it like it is whether it's Germaine's weight gain, the state of education, or people walking around zombified from a cocktail of trends and antidepressants. Don't be afraid to DL this if you want to mirthlessly grin... or do be afraid .
I am so excited about having ordered this book....got it, can't put it down! Prepare to have a life changing experience. You owe it to yourself!  Highly recommended. 5 out of 5 stars .
The watch I recieved It's nothIng like the picture, bad quality , very simple and looks very ugly. The material purse Is very cheap .
I received mines this morning. I placed it on my phone and it came off. The adhesive on the glass didn't even stick to my phone at all. It was a waste of my money. If I could get a replacement I would be more than happy. Other than that It was a big disappointment. I was really looking forward to having this on my phone because I heard it is the best protector there is. Also the glass came with scratches .
Definitely worth watching! The wife in this story is in need of some serious help. She doesn't have a clue about marriage and it's give and take. Where is her heart. Good for discussion at the round table .
You wouldn't want to put it down. The story is captivating and gives a true picture of live has so many twists and turns .
It wasn't too long ago when I found about baoding balls, so I was just buying random ones and trying them out.  These are pretty lightweight and come with a beautiful-sounding chime.  They're pretty easy to work with, even for a beginner like me (okay, the tiny ones I had were more difficult to work with than these).  It won't be long until I start working with heavier, or bigger ones.  But I got these, multiples, to work with over time.  The designs on these are really beautiful, and so far they haven't worn out or anything.  I definitely recommend these to the beginners who want to work with something light.  If you don't like listening to chimes, then I suggest you opt out of this one .
I'm the kind of girl who doesn't wear skirts too often, so when I wanted to get one, I wasn't sure what to get.  I'm glad I picked this as one of my first skirts.  A lot of skirts that I've seen around stores are super thin and look like they can break easy.  This one was made of a thicker material.  I guess you can compare it to felt, but I'm 100% sure it's not felt.  It just had that texture to it, and is more stiff than felt actually is.  The skirt is at a fair length on me, a couple inches above the knee.  Maybe for someone of my stature it would be nice to have some shorts under, but otherwise, I thought it was really cute.  I bought the black one, and I wouldn't be surprised if I bought another .
This skirt was very cute.  When I got it, it fit just fine and I didn't have to roll down the waist for good measure.  The material feels very smooth, and the color was a very deep black.  I would have gotten a different color, but I don't buy skirts, so I thought to get something in a more basic color.  The skirt runs a bit shorter than I thought it would, maybe more than a couple of inches above my knees.  I wouldn't wear it out unless I had some shorts underneath, but to dance or do some exercises in, this skirt would be perfect.  I'm definitely going to buy another .
I appreciate that the Stamper/Scraper worked very well.  However, I would appreciate it more if the bottom of the stamper was the translucent white that the picture of the product shows.  I got one with a dark, hot pink bottom.  If I were to use pink or a red-related stamping polish with this stamper, it would be hard for me to work with because it would be difficult to see.  Luckily, I used a white stamping polish with this.  It works really well, easy to get the hang of even if you're a beginner like me.  I think the seller should give us the choice to buy pink or white bottom separately, instead of having a picture different from the product.  That's the only reason why I gave this 4 stars.  Don't let this discourage you from getting it, it's still a well-working product .
I absolutely love this cute case!  Definitely a fan of Rilakkuma and what better way to show that than to have his mug plastered on the back of my iPod?The product itself is a very soft rubber, and it's quite durable.  Not too sure if i can say that for the ears, however, but I always take good care of it.  I use the little black pouch it came with as a screen cleaner just because.I have dropped my iPod in the couple weeks I have owned it, and not a single scratch.  Not even on the case itself.  The impact is completely absorbed in the bouncy case and it still looks amazing afterwards!  The iPod might slip out a little if you're not careful how you're moving it, but otherwise it fits perfectly.If I could get another one JUST TO HAVE I'd get this one again and all its colorful brothers and sisters.  I definitely recommend this .
One of the best books ever!! Slow beginning but sucks you in and then ou don't want to put it down! I ordered 10 for friends for Chistmas!All came from Amazon....great timimng and condition as stated!!Thankyou Amazon .
A really great story to follow the first Christmas Jars! A great read anytime not just at Christmas time!Thankyou .
Ok this really is the best creamy lotion I've  ever used!  Had a freind tell how much she liked it, so decided t find out!I will not use anything else....sweet smelling-one has to remember NOT to take a bite!! :-)Can you tell I really LOVE THIS LOTION ?:- .
Ive been diagnosed with Tarcel Tunnel (feet) and for the last 3 years Ive been wearing TEVAS! THey are the ONLY ANYTHING that works for me!!! I am usually an 8.5 but the arch fits better for me with a 9 (so I have a bit leftover at the toe~I don't mind at all)!! These were/are a GodSend for me when I found them!!!!Thank you very much TEVA~and keep'em coming!!!:- .
I hold Merrell to a high standard for comfort and quality.  I was not disappointed in these sandals.  Highly recommend them .
The quality is excellent, the service exceptional....what's not to like?  Received it sooner than I expected and it looks great .
I always believed in Heaven, but I loved Dr. Neal's story of what it was like and I've had signs that I felt had to be imagined and knowing that she had the same doubts makes me realize that it is possible.  I think she explained things in a 'down to earth' (no pun intended) way that made it hard to put the book down.  It is a book that I highly recommend .
I wanted a &#34;nicer&#34; jacket for winter and came across this one. The price was awesome so I gave it a try. Its a little snug but def not unbearable. Im pretty sure it fits the way its suppose to. It came on time looks great and is acually pretty warm .
I wanted to buy my boyfriend some warm clothes and I came across this sweatshirt. Considering the brand and price I thought it was an awesome deal. He likes it. It came on time, the only thing is there was a tiny hole in the stitching by the shoulder. Super easy fix so no complaints .
Paint chips off easily. Smells gross. I don't recommend them at all. Get a better cover, just not this .
I just got my cover and OHMY! IT'S ADORABLE!!!!!! I LOVE IT! Everything is good although I didn't get the cloth thing but it don't matter :D MUST GET .
Not only does this book give you insight into how hard and dedicated you need to be a SEAL, it also illustrates how selfless a person Adam was. It's made me realise how much more room there is for me to grow as a person .
I'm a software developer and hoped to get some business insight into the how and why the big 4 have developed a "platform". The term "platform" seems to be used quite loosely and there is little insight, interviews or research to back up claims made throughout the book. After reading the first two chapters I did not learn anything new and the rest of the book makes a lot of generalized claims that, as someone with an IT background, makes me cringe .
Wasn't expecting much due to the low reviews but it's a pretty decent movie and worth watching if you're a sci-fi junkie .
The picture in the product description is misleading. The product features a camera, a flashlight and a small bag for the camera, not a pair of binoculars as shown in the product image. Be aware of this before ordering .
LOVE this kit. Its literally just as easy to install as the youtube video. Makes your car look like a spaceship at night, especially if you have a convertible like me. The music function is more like a strobe function to me, but I don't use it anyways. Before I got the kit I wondered if you could change it to any color and pause it, and as a matter of fact you CAN! I was very happy with all of the different modes and options and is surprisingly bright. All of my friends LOVE it and want it in their cars too lol. Best $35 I've spent on my car. I think I'll get the wheel well kit next .
I have bought other cheaper HID kits before on amazon, but I never will again. The kensun HID kit is the clearest, easy to install kit I have ever bought. They have been working for 2 months now with no flickering, or any other issues. Looks like right out of the factory.  Its worth the extra money to buy a good brand like kensun, trust me .
I specifically ordered this firebowl because it was advertized as a 35 inch firebowl. After receiving it in the mail, the bowl only measured 22 inches. It was too late to swap it out because I was having a party that night and couldn't order another in time. That's false advertizing and it needs to be fixed immediately .
i like this case because it is flush to the screen and it does not make the phone noticeably larger .
This case totally lives up to the hype. It fits perfectly of course, and the display works great. There wasn't any interference with answering calls through the display.The only concern is that the back is left unprotected. I loved that the front display is protected if I accidentally drop the phone, but I am concerned about the back and corners. I love the features so I'm not going to switch it out. As a terrorist fix, I used a cheap eBay back protector on it until my flip mate case from spigen comes in. Until then I'm baby-ing my device.SPIGEN SGP Samsung Galaxy S4 Case Flip [Flip Mate] [Crystal Clear] S-View Cover Protector / Samsung Flip Cover Back Protector for Galaxy S IV Galaxy SIV i9500 .
It is everything that I was looking for it to be. It arrived sooner than I thought it would and there was nothing wrong with it what so ever. Not even a dent in the packaging. &#60;&#60;-- Real Person .
I loved this book! I recommend this book for ages 9-14 for young girls. I read other comments saying this book seemed long but actually is the shortest book in the series. i loved it and i can't wait to get the next books .
This flashlight would be great if you could actually recharge it. But the plug sits recessed in a cavity at the back of the light and none of my extension cord will fit into the cavity. Very odd design. Wish I had paid closer attention before purchasing. It is now a paperweight .
Pretty standard romantic comedy. Somewhat predictable plot. However, it's definitely not a bad movie by any means, and is good for an occasional chuckle .
this game rocks but do not change ur name after u have finished the game because it messes it up and u will have to start from the beginning! but I still think this game rocks .
its a great game but ones ur unstoppable it gets spittle boring.so if you haven't bought this game yet don't cause its a waste of money .
I was looking for a stylus that I could also use as a pen, if needed. This little stylus is PERFECT!. Was packaged well, and had no issues with shipping. I would recommend this to anyone!Great product .
I would recommend this product to anyone looking for an anti glare shield. Was packaged well, fit perfectly, and was easy to install. Still have one small bubble that is being persistent. But that's not a fault of the company.Thanks for a great product .
I really love my case. My wife made me a knitted &#34;stocking&#34; for my nook, and I was concerned that after I got this case, I wouldn't be able to use it. But this slim fit case fit perfectly.Really stylish, with the brown and black. Even my kids thought it looked really cool....:-).Great product .
I really love these! They were my first incense I had ever gotten and they were magnificent. I've had them for months and still haven't run out. c .
I really like this case it adds color and flavor. fits the phone nicely. Only down part is that it is hell to take off, so don't put it on unless you plan on leaving it on for a while .
It is to prevent dust from getting into your phone. But i use it for style, and because not too many people know about it so they always ask what it is that is on my phone. really nice product. I suggest it .
The sizes definitely run a bit small. I ordered my normal size small and it fits, but it's definitely tight! I won't return it and I love the shirt! I wear it often :-) but if I ordered another, I will order the next size up .
I love the shirt and wear it often! I always buy shirts in size small so naturally, that is the size I ordered for this shirt. It's a bit tight, in hind sight I would probably order a medium. I like my shirts fitted, but this is just a bit too tight (although not enough for me to return it or chose not to wear it .
This is totally not what I expected, it's better. Really fun if you are into RPGs. If you play LoL or WoW, you might like this. Or if you're just looking for some old-school fun. If you have money to spend, buy this .
It helps with drawing. It really does! My friend had this app and now she can't stop drawing. The only downer is the priced dragons are the best dragons .
Dose Leatherman make anything i that is not of good quality. This sheath is very nice, you can feel the quality. I use it to hold my skeletool. It is just slightly to big for that tool .
Not to happy, the clasp broke after two days. The wallet size is nice, but now I have to keep it closed with a rubber band .
This is a great case. This is my 4th iPhone. I have had the whole gambit of cases. Tough armor offers great protection with a small size. I carry my phone in my front pant pocket. No hang ups and is just slightly bigger that the actual phone .
The item is great but the one thing I didn't like from cable matters that they keep on getting on my nerf .
Ok...not as good as others ive read .
Great book. Couldn't put it down .
Great book... couldn't put it down .
it uses 3 clock bateries - too much. worked only few hours, throw in the trash next day. don't recomend .
product fails two weeks. sent for repair and fails again. would not recomend for anybody. product is no good .
I recommend this product because I have a dog that has very dry skin and she sheds quite excessively. After using this product, my dog's skin and fur was very soft and her shedding was reduced. The product does not lather up well and it's quite greasy, but it helps my dog's skin and fur stay soft .
This product (which is really 3) would cost at least $30 retail or more at a store.I now don't have to worry if I forgot to charge my phone. I have one in my car, at the office and at home .
For some reason the color on this is not true.  Mickey's face is pink as if he has a sunburn.  And it's not a computer monitor issue - the picture on the package looks like normal, but on the blanket itself, he's pink.  Have to return it, just glad I still have time before the birthday party!!The price was right, but the quality was wrong, so I would not recommend this to anyone .
Ratio of US to World favored US too much.  World maps did not always have the detail I would have liked.  Overall, the information basicly was more than adequate.  Good job on that part .
This film provides much information about the people who established the background for the ideals from which the Declaration of Independance and the Constitution of the United States were written.  It makes it clear that many U.S. Supreme Court rulings in the last fifty years are based on PERSONAL FEELINGS of the Supreme Court Judges, not on the precepts of the U. S. Constitution .
Not only is it so very cute but it actually protects my phone. I drop my phone so many times a day  and this help to protect it! And i get a least 10 compliments a day .
We love it!  We didn't received the extras that were promised to be in it, but we are enjoying watching the show.  We didn't recieve the postcard autographed by Jonathan Frid.  We received all the disks and the episode guide .
this book i started reading a week ago and loved the sample its like i couldn't put the book down i stayed up till 1 am just because i was so key on finishing it. this book is amazing for tweens in my opinion .
